I Am So Over Starving Myself ... but it's the only way I know how to lose weight quickly. Us ED types know that losing a pound a week is just not enough.  My weight is gross, my eating habits are uncontrolled. I've been telling myself that I don't want to starve myself and that I can do this the 'normal' way by correcting my diet and exercising. But I just end up eating too much during the day and then I fail at night, because I'm like - well this extra 1000 calories isn't going to make a difference, so give me that jar of peanut butter.  Today, I'm gonna aim for 800 calories.  Thus far, I've had a small tortilla (122), a tiny avocado (100), free from cheese (50?) and a nectarine (63) and that's a total of 335 cals. I'm going to have a cup of coffee now with soy milk and then that's it till dinner. For dinner, I think I'll have the same tortilla wrap.  This has been the most fabulously lazy weekend, I've done nothing. And my flat is kinda clean, so I don't even have to worry too much about sorting that out either. I may do some laundry now.  A bit later, I've got yoga and I'm doing a double class - an hour and a half of normal and then an hour of restorative, which is almost better than sex.  I'm meant to be video chatting with Chris later, but I just don't feel mentally like I'm in a place where I want to speak to him. So I might skip that.  (Thank you Mandy for your comment, <3) Loving & Loveliness Xo Xo
Thank God It's Sunday Intake: 666 cal ;) Burnt running: 432 Burnt doing housework: 240 Net intake: -6 Chicken on toast for lunch with mum, scone & cupcake for afternoon tea, and only had 3/9 nachos I made for dinner because I was still so full. Success :) Only got in 2.5L water today, but it's better than nothing :) Plan for tomorrow: 200 cal, 500-1,000 burnt (have a visitor tomorrow, but not sure if it'll cut into my burn time, or eating plan for that matter :S). Hoping to get an hour of running and a few hours of cleaning in in the morning before she comes over. It's a little after 7PM now, so I'll easily be out by 8, up by 4AM. I'll try to get on the trainer earlier tomorrow, but no promises there (especially if housework comes first). Blood, sweat, and elbow grease! (Yes, I'm a bit of  a homemaker at heart) Weekends have started to be a slow time for me these past few weeks. Monday's are always great. Especially when I eat more on Sunday like I did today, I'm even more motivated for the week ahead. Today was a bit hard emotionally, and I don't expect tomorrow to be much better. I'm just getting anxious about no contact from J for so long, when things are 'finished-finished'. But I'm trying really hard to stay positive at the moment. Don't be surprised if I crash in a heap next week, though, but for now I'll just roll with the punches. Come at me, world! Hope you're all trying to stay positive, and motivated for the coming week! :) xxBella
Looking for a supportive ana group <3 Hiya everyone! Ive attempted ana in the past but had very little willpower and simply couldnt motivate myself to do it, as a result i currently weigh 62kg (136lb) at 174cm tall (5"8) which makes my bmi 20. Im 18 years old and looking for strong willed and friendly people that can help support me in my journey and in return i can help support them. Im specifically looking for group diets and fasting, group workouts, and group weight checks with active members. If this sounds like you pretty please message me! lots of love <3
WEDNESDAY 24TH JULY. 4.37pm I MISS MY BONEY REYNAUDS (SP) SYNDROME FKING LEGS.  My legs hurt now anyway and Im way fatter so I might as well lose weight. I am always in pain anyway.  Ate so much already today... half a smoothie (banana,apple,milk,turmeric) approx 150kcals. Bowl of soup w/half a slice of brown bread and no butter thankfully... 300kcals ? Coke zero- 2kcals 50g turnip and 1 bite chicken- 70 kcals 522 KCALS Well 522kcals is still restricting and I can just eat a 100 kcalorie snack later but nothing is good enough anyway. Im huge at the minute. Cant even weigh myself as it is embarrassing. I look so fat. My waist says under 26 inches but that's not even small or that small anyway when I am comparing my waist to under 23inches before... it is better than 30 inches which was hell..... nothing is good enough anyway!! I wish I puked the soup up in one way...hmm... met my friend today anyway and got some cleaning and mopping done. Going to nap and watch TV. Still cant be arsed starting back work fully but maybe tomorrow or Friday.... I need some time off.... plus the pay is poop.   Maybe will do a quick hula hoop workout later but no dumbells as my body aches so much. LOL if I watch German Anorexia films then it is a form of study for the Masters I don't even want to do at the minute... it is self centred... i want to be alone to starve... but i have my reasons... people have bullied me and pissed me off so much so it's not narcissism , it is moreso retreat and depression and alienation...
My eating disorder has got hold of me and everyday I feel revolting, miserable, and totally confused about my thoughts. I feel that I`m insane- I don`t know which thoughts are my own and which are not. I feel that nobody can convince me otherwise in my thinking that people don`t like someone as much when they are fatter. I have that notion firmly implanted in my brain, and I feel it`s unerasable.  I convince myself that it`s too much for me, and then I try to live normally... and it never happens. Because I CAN`T live normally and I am not allowed to.. and my eating disorder tells me that I actaully don`t want to... and so I am trapped forever. It has me, in every possible way. And it doesn`t want me to let it go, and it convinces me that I don`t want to let it go. How do you help that? Won`t somebody please help us..
Body Checks photo pile It is bloody hot in England today: 36* I'm at home, keeping an eye on an elderly relative and my pet rabbit who is pretty fluffy. So for all of 5 minutes, I was in the garden doing some body check photos (wearing summer clothes). My face has been deliberately left out, to keep some anonymity. *There are more photos but internet on my fone has gone to crap, so I'll save just these for now BMI today is 17.7.
Dear my body; I hate you. I really do. Thighs, please lose all unecessary baggage. Butt, please unload all of the junk from your trunk. Stomach, please oh please discard all of that fat that is so obviously there. Body, please become as perfect as the bodies of the women that walk down the Victoria's Secret runways, Or become as perfect as those bodies I see on thinspiration sites. Body, please became one that would be seen on a thinspiration site. That is all I have to say to you. Become perfect. Yours sincerely, Anafly xxx
Returning from the alps! Hello lovelies! Skiing was so much fun! I'm getting so much better, my trainer picked me to race for our Uni in one of the events! I was so fucking stoked :D It was wonderful. Thanks for all the comments on all my recent posts, sorry I haven't gotten round to replying, my life is so so so busy right now but I promise in my next post I'll reply to you beautiful ladies :) I've missed you all! I was down 5lbs when I got back from skiing which was awesome, except my mind hasn't accepted that I'm not doing 7 hours worth of exercise a day anymore. I've been eating like a pig for a week and now I'm too scared to weigh. I'm becoming scared of food too. Don't get me wrong, I've had an ED for almost 3 years but I've never been afraid of food. I don't know why. I avoided it, binged on it, ate normally, ate nothing, but was never afraid. Now I'm afraid. Really fucking afraid. Every time I allow myself to eat something it turns into a binge. I can't just have a normal sized meal anymore, I keep going and it's scaring me. Today for example, I ate greek yoghurt with banana for breakfast and decided to fast the rest of the day. I got hungry around 12pm but resisted until I couldn't concentrate on my work. I decided to allow myself half a sandwich so I could write my essay properly. I make the sandwich and eat it. Then 2 hot cross buns come out, I eat one while the other one is toasting. Then a packet of crisps Then 3 lines of galaxy chocolate. Then I stop, have a freak out and continue to write my essay. What the hell?? I've never had this before, I've heard of other people having this problem but I've never been like this. If I binge it's always kind of 'planned' you know? Never just mindless 'I'll have one sandwich.....nomonomnomnom on everything in sight' kind of...loss of control. I'm scared to eat now, which is a good thing I guess because I'm huge. I cut today as well. I've been trying so hard to stop but I swear this time is so much harder than last time. I need some sleep. Rydw i'n caru ti, Kiki xx
So, I gave in and weighed myself. I know it's 10pm so I'm probably lighter than this normally, but it's still worse than I though. 161lbs. This is going to be my target plan and I need to stick to it.  Do any of you lovelies have any 'punishment' ideas for when you don't reach your targets? Fasting just doesn't work for me - I have to spend too much time awake! I would really appreciate your ideas :-) Anyway, here goes! Start weight (20/03): 161 26/03 - 158 2/04 - 155 9/04 - 152 16/04 - 149 23/04 - 146 30/04 - 143 7/05 - 140 14/05 - 137 21/05 - 134 28/05 - 131 4/06 - 128 11/06 - 125 18/06 - 122 25/06 - 119 2/07 - 116 9/07 - 113 16/07 - 110 23/07 - 107 30/07 - 104 - TARGET!! I was always happy at 107lbs. 104 would be perfect though :-) A long way to go and it's going to be a bloody awful journey, but I can do this. I have to. xxxx
Back, again.. Wow, it's been months since I last posted on here. I know I keep flitting back and forward on here, but I think I might be back to stay this time. I really helped me last time, I didn't feel like it was working at the time, but looking back over the photos I took of myself this time last year, I would do anything to be that weight again. I wish I'd appreciated it back then. I wish I'd gone out in skimpy outfits and been proud of how tiny I was, instead of just hating myself and feeling fat. Cos now I am fat. Fat fat. I've gained so much weight in the past year, it's disgusting. No wonder my boyfriend left me. He was the reason I 'recovered', he was the reason I started eating more and gained weight. And ultimately he left me because I gained too much. He fell in love with me and my lowest weight, when eating in front of him made me cry, and I was too weak to function properly. Clearly that's what guys like, who wants a fat healthy girl right? So yeah, here I am. I've popped online every now and then to check up on your blogs, but not recently. I need to get updated and see who still uses this site, see who's still here. I won't post my weight it's too embarrassing. Maybe in a few months when I'm more acceptable. I'm meeting my ex next Thursday for a drink. I'm being optimistic and hoping I can lose something by then. Obviously I'm not gonna lose stones, but even half a stone would make some difference, I hope? I'll update again tomorrow hopefully. I need to get some control over my life back. I feel uncontrollable, literally unstoppable. I don't even know what's happened to me. I'm a complete trainwreck. And maybe losing weight will make me happier, more confident. Help me find someone to love me again. I'm so bloody lonely.
Each day is getting easier and harder Since I had my frozen strawberry yoghurt (30) made last night, I could start my day earlier without waking people with loud kitchen appliances. I got up at 4, and at 4:30 I popped it from the fridge to the freezer, did a short warm-up run, and now I'm waiting for my yoghurt to freeze up a lite more :) So I'll be having breakfast at 5am, running again by 5:30. I want to get 45 minutes done before mum gets up, then another 15-45 depending on how I'm going. My friend who cancelled on me the other day is popping around at some point this afternoon, but I'm not too sure how long for. I asked her to come around after lunch, so I know I won't need to eat around her. Either way, busy morning, relaxing afternoon, <350 calories. I am disgusted by how much I've been eating the past few days, and I need to change it. So, the plan is to run 60-90 minutes this morning, keep on the move, then stop after lunch and relax (in the shed, away from food). Oh, and the soup I made last night? A-MAZ-ING! So dinner is sorted for the first time in days - no excuses :) Next measurement date: June 5th Next weigh (if measurements are on track): June 14th After I next weigh, I'm gonna start a 30 day challenge :)
144 144lbs that is, when I stepped on the scales test morning. BMI 18.4. So the number is not as bad as I thought but I feel big anyway. Story of my adult life! ?? Because the weight number sounds high regardless, I feel like I have to specify BMI to clarify I'm not medically overweight. There was a question on MPA asking "Who are you in competition with?" Myself. Each goal weight needs to be beaten by reaching it, then getting lower. Ultimately its a race that cannot be won, but I'm running it anyway. That might be where disorder overtakes logic? LW: 135lbs/BMI 17.3. in Nov 2016
﻿anafood: lunch/ dinner ideas! Day 2 of the anafood series! I combined lunch and dinner since they’re easily interchangeable. Keeping them separated so they aren’t messy to read. Hope you find these useful!! lunch and dinner: ✦ Soup (chicken noodle= 60cal, tomato= 70 cal) ✦ Avocado toast (150 cal) depends on bread type ✦ Scrambled egg whites (17 cal per egg white) ✦ Grilled chicken and bell pepper stir fry- all you need to do is put ¼ cup chicken and ½ a cup chopped bell peppers in a pan w coconut oil and stir until done. (80 cal) ✦ Vegetable stir fry- same thing, just veggies. Cals depend on what you use, probably no more than 50-60 ✦ Squash and kale gratin casserole- recipe link (104 cal per serving) ✦ Personal pepperoni pizza- recipe link (170 cal per pizza!) ✦ Ham and Cheese twists- recipe link (102 cal per twist) ✦ Salad- use vinegar as dressing to keep it low cal ✦ Chicken Lo Mein- recipe link (237 cal per serving) ✦ Chickpea stuffed zuchinni boats- recipe link (120 cal per boat) Stay strong and starve on my lovelies!! ❥ Caty 
Determination... Still have serious love for "Filter - Skinny" & "Catatonia - Bulimic Beats" & "Edith Backlund - Skinny"! Listen to it beauts! Will begin this by telling you my total fail in life today (in a sort of funny way)… Well..  In my lunch break I was oh-so organised and wrote down everything I planned to write in my blog… And I left it in the staff room…. Total. Fail… If anyone finds it? I’m screwed… Hopefully the cleaner will see it and throw it away :-/ I’m still laughing at it… but sort of in a funny/nervous way… Anyway… The bad news… Put on another frigging 1lb today! But that’s ENTIRELY my fault tbh. Fasted the whole day on Wednesday! So so soo proud of myself as that was my first ever (intentional) fast! Didn’t cave at all! Lived on green tea, black coffee, water and the flavour of my hot chocolate Avon lip balm on my lips :- ) Strange thing is, I expected to go to bed feeling hungry… Only I felt full :-S odd…So that was a good day and I woke up yesterday being 161lb!! Was so proud! ….. Notice ‘was’…. After work, already shattered, had to go up to my Auntie’s house, with mum, to thank her for my Christmas presents (she got me a travel mug which I LOVE, my Banksy diary, and a mug with a cosy on it!! Brilliant!) So when we arrived, she had just plated dinner, with leftovers (“lucky us” were my words exactly)… Spaghetti and meatballs… With parmesan bloody cheese… IN THE FRIGGING SAUCE! So not good, although we walked home (like, 20 minutes walk?) I still put on another 1lb today :-/ My own fault, although I didn’t eat it all obviously, said I was stuffed from my lunch at work (99kcal cup-a-soup)… But then of course, food being my weakness, I caved in an binged all night! What is wrong with me! I literally don’t have any self control… Whatsoever! Ate tons of Ritz crackers, a Chomp bar, and a bloody bowl of soup! As you can imagine my whole family must be over 16st hence the habit of continuos eating even when I’m not even hungry! Which I wasn’t! I was bored! My whole family is huge. Literally. All of them. As was I, and my sister, until she started Slim Fast. But today, I have fasted ALL day because I am determined today. Although walking to and from work (2ish miles) means I only burned roughly 250kcals so far today. Restarting my gym membership tomorrow so that means at least 2 spinning classes a week, plus a steady run there and back = a total of 1000kcals burned per day at least… That’s not too bad… Wish it was more tbh… Will definitely be pushing myself to the extremes once I get my fitness back!  Reading some of your lovely comments, I’ve re-thank/thunk/thinked (what the hell is the right tense????) my theory… Haha… Maybe 're-examined' would be better?... Anyways. I know when I’m fasting that I CANNOT eat. And I wont. And I havent. .. When I know I have a limit, I get home, and can’t help myself.  Hopefully when I get back to the gym I can spend more time there instead of being bored and home and ending the night in more shamless binging/purge sessions…  (Maybe there wasn’t a theory there at all tbh... Haha! I think it was just a realisation….) People at work are asking why I’m eating barely anything on my lunch break (they’re so f-cking nosey!!!) Its so awkward…  Telling them I’m on a diet... (which I tried last year and they know it worked for me -BHF diet if you’re wondering)...so I find it to much effort to bring the meals into work with me…. They’re buying that… For now. - Unfortunately I wrote this out on that goddamn piece of paper!!! I am sooooooooo idiotic at times!!! :-P I like that they worry... (and tell me I don’t need to loose weight- even though they’re lying because they don’t want fatty me to get skinnier than them)...but I wish they wouldn’t. They’re interfering! :-/ But there is a girl at work who is such an amazing friend. And really understands me! She knows a lot about my past etc, and she doesn’t judge at all. Accidentally spilled a bit of this to her :-/ she saw me adding up calories on the calculator xD ahaha! She doesn’t know everything but she knows I’m determined to get to my goal weight by fasting and not eating and she said “well I’ll support you as long as you don’t get ill and start worrying me!” She’s so amazing. But I trust her and I know it wont go further :- ) Its payday tomorrow. So if I drop to 160lbs tonight (which I better had, considering last time I fasted I went from 165 to 161!) then I will buy all my new skinny size 6/8 clothes from work and put away until I fit them. I will hang up the jeans (size 6) in front of my bed so I see them every single morning and wake up motivated :- D I know I said I wouldn’t buy anything, but, c’mon! I work in a clothes shop for Christ’s sake! What do you expect me to buy if I cant buy food? Ahaha… But I get my discount, and got vouchers for Christmas so its not going to be my big spree, just a bit of real life thinspirational for me to see day to day :-) On Tuesday hopefully my iPhone will arrive, so I’ll be able to blog on the move and see all of your wonderful updates and comment more (which I wish I did, because I know I love receiving them and hearing your amazingly kind words!) I always think of things I want to tell you guys, during the day, but the moment I get home, its like, poof :-/ I cant wait for the day I step on the scales and it doesn’t move :-/ that would be such a goddamn impossible dream, but hey, a girl can dream right?! Also, once I get nearer and nearer to my UGW I will start posting ideas of my tattoo designs etc… And my new measurements, and pictures of before and after, etc :-) Not much more to update on though sorry guys! If you haven’t read my last post then, welcome!... But I will be staying at the boyf’s house over the next two days. I will log on before I go to update you on my weight for the morning and how anything else goes between 9am and 3pm :- ) Also on my last post, I posted a thinpso picture of this girl holding a pencil by her side… And she was smaller than it.. That’s another goal for me, one day I will upload my very own version of that picture :-D  Finally, my replies to your comments! - wheniamskinny,I’llbepretty: how did your trip go? Hope you stayed strong, but everybody has off days girl :- ) you cheered me up so much! Thank you!  - stillimagining: I did have soup the next day, but found I didn’t want the food but was starving afterwards! May try fasting for 2 days next week… We’ll see… Thank you girl! - a friend of ana: I know! It’s crazy! 18inches is smaller than my bloody head! Ahaha! But she was such a beautiful woman, I think it’s do-able! Just need a hell of a lot of motivation! It’s a great website, 90% of them are so relatable! Thanks for the comment!  - Tatyana: Thank you again for your kind comments :-) I agree with you about the triggers :-/ I just need a bit more c control and being able to stop myself and say “No. I don’t need this” I felt SOOO unbelievably guilty in bed last night, but the night before, I loved feeling so happy with my control! :-) at least you’ll be able to remember the feeling of you in those jeans, I took a photo in my old size 8 jeans.. Urgh… not a good look. But I know I WILL fit them soon enough! We can both do it girly! :-) Hope you’re all keeping well, thank you again fro all of your amazing comments and lovely thoughts :-) stay strong and think thin :-) Food is a bitch, don’t let her win :-) her legs are incredible!!! i know i hate her, but DAYM! She had an incredible body. ( went a bit mad on the thinspo guys... Soz :-P ) Xxx
the 100 calorie workout :) (100 calorie workout #1 one time through this workout will burn 100 calories. each time you repeat it, you will burn 100 calories. there are 3500 calories in a pound, get to work 20 push-ups 15 squats 50 jumping jacks 30 crunches)
Ana? Mia? Edie? From here. This girl seems to have been told that Ana isn't right for her. This isn't at all scientific, but for me Ana is restriction, Mia is ritual and Edie is a bit of everything. Edie is what I refer to a non-specified Eating Disorder as. EDNOS is, after all, a mouthful. Keep those mouths empty!
something fun perhaps? ughhh. binged today. i had a girl scout meeting. yes girl scouts. its good for college so be quite! :P (the downside is the glorious cookies) anyways. we had bagels and this like egg pie thing. oh yeah keish i think. so yeah. not good. but i didnt have one bagle. i had three bagel halves PLUS cream cheese. exactly. then i was just like. why the fuck not. and had some cookies. (I GOT TO TASTE THE NEW FLAVOR!!! :D). and then everyone left and im alone in my house (we have the meetings at my house. and then i had russion wedding cookies or whatever and good and plenty and pie crust. ughhhh good news: since no ones home i can exercise vigorously and not be called anorexic by my twin sister :) i want to do something fun with the Pro-Ana community out there. soooo i was thinking we could share holiday thinspo? just a thought. TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK!  ♥ katy
Today was mentally horrible but I restricted to 70 calories! So today I had a whole bunch of issues with 2 of the guys I'm talking to. I made it very clear that I didn't want a relationship but for whatever reason they both decided to have a meltdown about that today and I'm pretty sure I basically lost them both. Because of this happening I stayed in my room most of the day and slept after working out for about an hour! So the only thing I had today was tea(0) and coffee(35) for breakfast and then a plain rice cake(35) for dinner! I also lost 1.4 pounds so I'm completely happy I don't even care about anything else that happened!!!
So obviously the US and Australia differ greatly in food and I thought a thread where Aussies could share low cal foods would be good. I'll start! All of these can be found at Woolworth's! I bulk buy the fish from Costco. Also Curly Wurly's I get from convenient stores because Woolies didn't have them -___- Here is my list: Bird's Eye Crumbed Hoki Fish Fillet 2 fillets = 293 calories Uncle Ben's Express Single Server Rice (Fried rice/Mexican rice) 1 bag = 195 calories Curly Wurly 1 bar = 119 calories Hansells Creamy Rice (Vanilla) 1 pot = 117 calories Jumpy's Chicken Flavoured snack things 1 bag = 92 calories Woolworth's Organic Macro Apple Puree  1 pot = 54 calories (!!!!!) Aeroplane Jelly Lite (assorted flavours, in my opinion peach iced tea is the best) 250ml = 7 calories  Woolworth's brand Garlic Bread 1 slice = 88 calories Health Attack Cripsy Fruits freeze dried fruits (apple is the best) 1 bag = 39 calories Kirk's Sugar Free Lemonade, Pub Squash and Creaming Soda 1 can = 2.2 calories Foster's Clark Custard Cups 1 cup = 132 calories Bird's Eye Potato Waffles 1 waffle = 105 calories Dorito's Salsa - Mild 40g =  13 calories Calciyum Strawverry Yogurt  1 pouch = 100 calories Diet Rite Apple Raspberry Cordial  1L diluted = approx 30 calories (depends how strong you like your cordial) SUBWAY https://www.subway.com.au/Menu Use this to calculate the total in your sub! I get a 6 inch white bread with ham, lettuc, olives and cheddar, it comes to 288.70 calories! Lastly for people from Adelaide, Australia: Cucina Cibo pasta meals available at Woolworths - the largest portion of delicious lasagna is 490 calories. The wide ribbon pasta with beef ragu is only 376 calories and it a massive serve of pasta! Other Aussies feel free to add your finds!
What the fuck has my life come to.. So, I attempted to date.. :/ He shows up 30mins late in a tracksuit -_- Chats up the girl taking our order, then goes on to tell me he was chatting her up  incase I didn't know.. Oh and at one point he called me a dick?! I think it was when he was telling me about how he'd slept with 3 people in 24 hours... oh and there was something about a cow he reared that wouldn't eat so choked on solids and they had to step on it's belly and then went on to make noises in the middle of Nando's in case I didn't know what sound a cow made.... oh and did I mention he didn't even pay for me..? He just ordered his food chatted up the girl and walked back to the table.. :/ I don't have a clue how someone could act like that..I pulled the old "oh no my friends have an emergency I need to go..." trick lol Hope everybody else is ok & doesn't have to deal with shit like this.. I've lost about a stone again, don't know why I allow myself to get this huge.. Back in size 12/14..down to working about 65 hours a week and having no time to eat...? Even though I work at a chinese restaurant! *High5 to me* 
Losing weight again I've lost 2.4lbs over the past 2 days. I'm still massively huge but at least now I know I have some control again. I won't let myself stay like this. I can be acceptable again. I know I should go to the gym today, I have hours until work so I do have the time. But being the socially awkward freak I am, I'm too scared to go alone, and my friend can't go with me until tomorrow. I should just go. I need to stop being so pathetic. I think I'll have soup for lunch, and then I don't know what to do in the evening. I have work at 5 so I could easily not eat before I go. But I know if I do that then I'll stuff my face during my break, working in a food shop is shit. I wish I worked in a clothes shop instead, so I'd spend my breaks really motivated rather than just really hungry. I also reallllllly need to tidy my room today, it's literally disgusting. I justify it by saying I'm hardly at home so it doesn't matter. But even the short time I'm in here now is making me feel ill looking at the mess. It can't be hygienic. Anyway I set myself 2 more goals for the rest of the week. To lose 4 lbs, 2 lbs at a time. If I can just control my fat ugly self then it would be easy. Hope you're all having a good day. I have missed everyone on this blog so much.
Doctor’s Appointment Update I went to the doctor’s yesterday and wasn’t able to update and tell anyone how it went. So here it goes. I got weighed and the lady who was weighing me wouldn’t let me see the number on the scale. Which really bothered me. Then I had to wait in a small room for twenty minutes while the doctors talked about random stuff. Then I had to fill out an idiotic survey, then I had to wait even longer while they went over the answers. Then they came back and asked me the same questions in person at least four different times. And after all of that, there wasn’t even anything wrong with me! What the actual fuck. So I got to leave on these conditions: My mom MAKES a smoothie for me every morning and she packs my lunch. It says nothing about me having to eat the lunch or drink the smoothie. Honestly, you’d think that doctors would have enough brain cells to put that on their little sheet. Of course, when mom made me the smoothie this morning, I didn’t drink it. Apparently they think that if they talk to me sternly and write things on paper it will cure me. You can’t help someone who doesn’t want to be helped, and I most certainly don’t want to be helped. I am so close to my goal weight, I weighed in at 108.7 pounds this morning. No doctor is going to take the joy of achieving that beautiful number 80 away from me. Pardon my French, but fuck them. ~Robin
"Once A Week" ... this is what I've told myself about my weight. That I'm going to 'weigh-in' - once a week, on a Saturday morning. Now, what this doesn't mean is that I'm only stepping on the scale 'once a week'. What this does mean is that I will only record weight as progress once a week on a Saturday morning. Along with my waist and hip measurements. I will of course weigh in every day, because fucked if I can stop myself. It's like that ritual... that thing we do (to quote eat, pray, love) to know how much self-loathing to take into the shower.  I am trying to let myself eat more, but it doesn't always happen. The good news is that it has been around 1200 cals, which is okay. According to the numbers, I should lose at least 1lb a week. I will get there.  It's been a few of good days. It has been a weekend of good days. I had 1200 on Friday through till yesterday. According to my app, that means I will weigh about 64 in five weeks. I don't believe that.  Nonetheless, I've decided that my goal weight is going to be between 64 and 65kgs for now. This is based on how I currently look at this weight. (Which was 68.8kg on Saturday morning; 76cm for waist, 91cm for hips.) I want to re-evaluate then. My goal is roughly a 70cm waist. That's all I really want, so whether that happens at my goal weight remains to be seen. My stomach is looking a lot better now that it's toned, so this is a whole new ballgame for me.  Once a week, the lie we tell ourselves.  FP
Hello Strangers. Hello Lovelies. I am so so sorry I've been gone for so long. Stuff got crazy and I couldn't come back here. I never forgot you. I need to stop pretending that I can 'recover' and that I'm 'happy' in my 'body' because I'm not. I'm fatter than ever because they got worried and I relaxed and now I'm 180lbs. I know how disgusted you are with me, I'm in shock myself. I dusted off my trusty scale after all this time and I'm the heaviest I've ever been. So I'm starting anew. She's back in my head, screaming at the fat hanging from my bones. Crying at the sight of muscles snuggling under a duvet of blubber. She's back and she's stronger than ever. She's the one writing in my diary now, I haven't written anything in weeks. She's back and she's so disappointed in me I can't bear it. Today I ate 776 kcal. Tomorrow I will eat 500 kcal. Please comment me if you want me to follow you/ get back in touch. I've been out of the loop for so long I don't know who's still blogging, who's new, who's good... let me back in the loop :) I've missed you all so much. I've missed her so much. This feels like home, I'm so grateful. Rydw i'n caru ti, Kiki xx
Healthy start So.. I'm on the road to a new body started my clean eating plan yesterday (Monday) joined up at the gym as well and started packing really healthy lunches and snacks for work. Today: Breakfast-oats with rice milk blueberries and a dash of cinnamon  Morning snack- banana and strawberry smoothie made with Greek yoghurt. Lunch -rye wrap with chicken baby spinach tomato and cucumber. Afternoon snack -rye crackers with boiled egg and cottage cheese. Dinner- kangaroo steak and steamed broccoli and cauliflower. It sounds like a lot but there's really not much calories in everything if u think about it, I'm supposed to eat 5-6 small meals a day every 2-3 hours. Anyway I'm really enjoying it so far even tho it's only day 2. I should take some pics of myself for before shots! I hate those but hopefully I can make one of those awesome before and after pictures  Other than that beau finally got a job, hence the reason we can afford to go to the gym now even tho I am paying for him, I guess he paid for me last time we went to the other gym so yea... This is great I feel like this will be one of the best summers everrr!! I got such a good deal joining up, didn't pay a start up fee or anything because the manager of the club lives with the girl I work with, she lives in a share house so anyway, still unfair she gets her membership for free tho lol.  So that's all for now, hope everyone is doing well.
the ice is getting thinner Tips I've picked up on my rounds on pro-ana sites that I think have potential/tried and tested: - Keep a stash of prothinspo images. Google image search 'go to' celebs you know wouldn't ever fail you for when you're feeling weak, eg Kate Bosworth, Kate Moss, Lindsay Lohan, Erin Wasson. - Drink black tea, black coffee or water whenever you feel hungry! The caffeine in tea and coffee will perk you up, the water will clean out your body and tea is filled with antioxidants. They also fill you up :-) - Wear a rubber band around your wrist and snap it when you want to eat. You will train yourself not to think about eating. - Eat in front of the mirror (naked or not!). - Fidget fidget fidget! - If you feel like you need to binge, go for a walk and make yourself busy for 20 minutes. If you're on your own, do starjumps in front of the mirror! - Chew very slowly. Break the food down as much as possible! You will feel fuller quicker. - Eat seaweed or take kelp pills to boost your metabolism. - Sleep as much as possible. Not only does that mean you skip meals, it is also proven that those that sleep more tend to eat less than those who do not.
Emotions Sometimes I sit on my bed and trace my collar bones and hip bones and remember the time before my life was overcome with the desire to be thin. I Try and remember what it was like to sit down and not have to think about how my thighs squish together. I try to remember what it was like to love the way my body looked without having to be a lower number on the scale each morning. I try to remember what it was like to look down and not worry about if I’ll be able to balance a ruler on my hip bones today or not. I try and remember what it was like not to get up at 5 every morning and run until I can’t breath. I try to remember what it was like when I didn’t do 300 crunches a day in a desperate attempt to get rid of the food I had eaten that day. And I can’t do it. Sometimes I think I can, but all I can remember about the past was how I used to be 125 pounds and I have only been able to drop to 108. It’s all I can think about. I am constantly checking and rechecking to make sure I can still fit my hands around my calfs, my thighs, my wrists, my neck, to make sure I can still feel my collar bones, my hip bones, my spine, my ribs. It’s all I have now. And I don’t remember how to be happy without being thinner. ~Robin ❤
Just another rant... I don't matter. I'm worthless. I can't do anything right. I am a failure. I'm not skinny enough. I don't have 'real' anorexia.I can't get these thoughts out of my head. I want to recover, I really do, but I can't until I reach my GW. Then my anorexia will be real, will be valid, will count for something. Then I will actually have something to recover from. I'm the only person who can't have a serious eating disorder unless I reach a really low weight. My mom doesn't get it, my treatment team doesn't get it, my dad sure as hell doesn't get it, I WILL recover if they let me reach a 13.7 bmi. I would be fine, then when I reach it I will begin the recovery process. If They don't let me reach it I don't know what I'll do. I want to kill my self so bad because I know that I'll never get to a weight that low, but im too much of a pussy to go through with it. Every time I see someone whose been or currently is at a bmi lower than 13 I want to kill myself. How selfish am I? I don't feel bad for them, I feel angry and jeolous. I feel like if I can't even get near that than I am a failure and therefore don't belong on this earth. But I am scared of pain, ugh goddamit evolution. I don't matter, I'm worthless, I'm untalented... I doubt anyone actually read through this whole thing. Why am I even posting this? Maybe I'm seeking validation that I don't deserve. Maybe I want someone to tell me that I really am skinny enough,good enough, enough. How stupid is that, I'm fishing for compliments. Fuck me. Wait, who would want to it's not like I'm attractive. I'll leave now and go wallow in self pity, and stuff myself with food that I'm being forced to eat. Or at least I tell myself I'm forced to eat, when in reality I'm a fatass, I'm too weak to choose the tube over the yummy plate in front of me. Really I'm a selfish bitch who doesn't deserve to be comforted.
aaaahhhh well today was a ok day. Not to much drama just here feeling lonley as myself. I ate 800 worth of calories im still a little pissed off at myself but at leats its not that much as the other daya but still. I went on a long long walk so maybe burned half of it. Right now i know for a fact im going to fast tomorrow i hate my body i saw myself today and i hate it just seeing me makes me sad and sick im a cow aaahhh fuck my life i hate myself why am i a fat ass well im going to pop some laxitive to feel better oh well. lets see how it goes tomorrow with my fast i dont want to eat ahhh wish me luck
﻿10 day diet June 7, 2018caty So I found this diet, currently I am on day 6, and it’s been going really well! I have lost 2 lbs so I am down to 107. I also workout a ton which def helped. This one is great because it helps me not to binge. Y’all should try it!! Here’s the layout: ✦ day one: fast ✦ day two: 200 cal ✦ day three: 250 cal ✦ day four: 300 cal ✦ day five: 350 cal ✦ day six: 400 cal ✦ day seven: 450 cal ✦ day eight: 500 cal ✦ day nine: mono ✦ day ten: 500 cal Mono means you can only eat one food all day. I think I am going to do soup or cereal. No cal limit on it but just one food. It also gives me motivation because I can eat more the next day. If you know you have really bad cravings for a specific food, save that for your mono day. Remember to exercise at least an hour a day. A meal plan really helps. Should I do a meal plan post soon? Stay strong and starve on my lovelies! ❥ Caty
Update Hey lovelies, thanks for all your kind words =) My stomach hurts with all the different drugs I am not now. On Cinnamon's suggestion I bought some meal replacement shake powder and by golly gumdrops that's amazing. I was embarrassed to be looking at that shelf so I just grabbed the first one I saw instead of comparing the different calories etc in them, so mine is pretty high in cals but oh well! Today I have eaten six of these Italian dish style things, rice and vegies in a sort of batter/crumbing. Hugely not so good for you but I drank the laxative, diuretic tea and to be honest, it kind of cheered me up to have a little binge. I also ate 2 x small tins of tuna, some dried apricots and some pecorino cheese, as well as the meal replacement shakes, x2. I have a regime of tablets to take which sucks and makes my stomach upset (and yes, I know the laxative, diuretic teas wouldn't be helping), so I think my goal through this stage will be first and foremost protecting my stomach - i.e. calorie intake and absolutely no purging until I'm off the meds. Hello and welcome to my new followers =) Comment replies: "I feel great": A.S. - I have THE most bizarre cravings too sometimes! I went through a vinegar phase too! Although once I had wayy too much and well *cue nausea, vomiting* Sarah: yes they are, aren't they! I'd never really appreciated them before but I think if I am forced into going out for a meal I'm going to order a dish with croutons. Yup. Cinnamon: Excellent suggestions. I think when I have finished with the teas + meal replacement shakes, I am going to make juice/shakes with various herbs etc. The bloating link is useful but I think it's important to differentiate between bad bloating - i.e. sorbitol, lactose vs good bloating with fibre, which will lead to bloating at the time related to the bowel motions but once it's been excreted the stomach should be flatter than before. "Boo.": A.S., Cinnamon, Skinny Business: Thanks for your thoughts =) Miana - I am so not happy about having to take a billion and one meds a day - and yeah, I'm hoping my weight loss doesn't get too messed up! I'm on valium, amongst other things and given my work outs are usually quite strength based I'm worried about the impact the muscle relaxant properties will have... *sigh*. Have a lovely Saturday all! xxK
Okay, so this isn't my first time with an ED. I am a "recovered" anorexic with purging tendencies, who is now at a healthy weight and discharged from inpatient and outpatient services. I am 19, female and from the UK, other details will follow when contacted. I'll give tips/help and am looking for someone to vent to/encourage me. Let's be friends! Contact me:  Kik is @ bbabykitten vent is @ pppeachesxx snapchat is @ crowleysprincess tumblr @ minicattt.tumblr.com
Time to find Thin Regardless of other people perceiving me as "slim" or "thin" or similar, I've rarely seen it. It's time to find it. There are tiny hints of what could be, but they are not enough. Weight/BMI: Approx 146lbs/18.7 at 6ft 2". The weight will be checked tomorrow morning.
��I m   b a c k     I   d o n t   k n o w   i f   a n y o n e   i s   s t i l l   o u t   t h e r e ,   i m   s o r r y   I   l e f t .       I t s   b e e n   s o   l o n g   o h   s o   l o n g   a n d   y e t   s h e s   b a c k   m i a   i s   b a c k .     S o   m u c h   h a s   c h a n g e d   I   d i d n ' t   t h i n k   o f   h e r   a t   a l l .   U n t i l   t o d a y   I   w a n t   t h i s   f a t   g o n e !   I m   c u r r e n t l y   1 7 0 l b s   o h h   I   f e e l   s i c k   j u s t   t y p i n g   i t   t h a t s   j u s t   n o t   w h a t   I   e x p e c t e d . . .     I   f e e l   s o   s i c k   I   h a v e n ' t   e a t e n   a l l   d a y   i t s   c o m e   b a c k   s o   q u i c k   i v e   s p e n t   h o u r s   l o o k i n g   a t   t h i n s p o   I   d o n t   e v e r   w a n t   t o   e a t   a g a i n . . .     M y   g o a l   w e i g h t   i s   1 3 0 l b s   p e r f e c t   w e i g h t   1 0 0 l b s . . .   i t   s t a r t s   t o d a y .     R e a d i n g   t h r o u g h   m y   l a s t   p o s t s   m a k e   m e   c r y   b u t   i   n e e d   i t   i t   r e m i n d s   m e   o f   h o q   m u c h   I   w a n t e d   i t   t h e n   a n d   s o m e h o w   o l d   m e   h a s   b e c o m e   a n   i n s p i r a t i o n . . .     I   m i s s e d   y o u . . . e&
Ana's Rules: 1. If you aren’t thin you aren’t attractive. 2. Being thin is more important than being healthy. 3. You must buy clothes, style your hair, take laxatives, starve yourself, do anything to make yourself look thinner. 4. Thou shall not eat without feeling guilty. 5. Thou shall not eat fattening food without punishing oneself afterwards. 6. Thou shall count calories and restrict intake accordingly. 7. What the scale says is the most important thing. 8. Losing weight is good/gaining weight is bad. 9. You can never be too thin. 10. Being thin and not eating are signs of true will power and success 11. Ana is a lifestyle not a diet
Skinny Love I'm so sorry to brag gorgeous girls but today has been another good day for my eating, I'm thanking a relaxing weekend at home. Breakfast: an avocado roll, = 149 calories Lunch: 3 raw cauliflower flowerets (isn't floweret an awesome word? I just learnt today that that is what the little cauliflower pieces are called) and a mug of rose and french vanilla tea, = 10 calories I haven't had dinner yet but am planning on having 1 cup of cauliflower soup which will equal to 93 calories. This will bring todays calorie intake to 252. Woohoooo :P I'm not under 49 kilos yet though... I think I'm going to have to keep on going for a little while for that to happen. Now girlies, I need your help. I've realised that a lot of my meals have carbohydrates as I loooove bread *licks lips* and I don't mind the odd pasta. Any suggestions on vegetarian meals that don't have a lot of carbohydrates? Good luck with the week, think skinny Love you all, Anafly xxx
thin lisalisa asked me a question on my last blog.  Is there anything else (healthy) in your life that gives you the same sense of satisfaction and control? no. never. and it's never really been about control for me. well, kind of, at the start. but it was also about weight and food. it's still about weight and food. call me wanna-rexic, whatever, thats just how it is for me. i want to lose weight. i want to be thin. that's all it's ever been for me. i want collarbones, hipbones, cheekbones, wrist bones, shoulder bones...  thats all i ever wanted, and it's still what i want. and i am SO glad i threw out lasagne again tonight. mum just came in and lectured me about study. AGAIN. fucking hell why won't she just leave me alone? she thinks i should be getting 99% for fucking everything. well i'm not that fucking smart! i hate the expectations i have to live up to. it's moments like these that i get so angry that i skip meals. and i always get really upset when she does it after dinner, so i cant skip it. it makes me feel helpless. i rebel by not eating, and get thinner at the same time. maybe it isn't always about food.. i'd be cutting too, if it wasn't for the boy. everytime i used to cut myself, it'd be like cutting him twice as deep. as long as i'm with him, i don't cut. i'm over six months free of self harm now. i still have scars on my hands, arms, and most of all on my legs (which i never show anyway). tough reminder. i know i'd go back to cutting the second the boy ever breaks up with me. he keeps me alive.
My thoughts on today and yesterday Monday (yesterday): I was allowed to take a walk in the garden downstairs. It was nice and warm, but far too short. Better than the boring walks on the unit, I guess. But at least my grandma brought my Guinea pig Lenny. So I held him as a walked. Honestly since they've been increasing my calories and I've gained like 8 lbs I'm depressed all the time. I don't feel like doing anything. I only force myself to go on the walks is for calorie burning purposes even though I know it isn't burning too much extra.  The dietician outdid herself yesterday, my total calorie intake was 2735 fucking calories!  Today: so far 1500 calories consumed, less than yesterday at this time, but still a fuckton. I still have dinner and two snacks left. Dammit I wanna cut so bad, but I have no tools... I'm officially the fat one on the unit. There are two other anorexics that I've seen on my walks, they are both so tiny, me, ugh my bmi is In the 16s. FUCK. FUCK. FUCK. My stomach is huge, I can barely see my hipbones and my ribs are a distant dream. I can't do this much longer, I think i will restrict again once I leave the hospital. I hope a volunteer dog comes today, they are the only things that snap me out of my depression, even for a fleeting moment...
Dreaming... We all dream of complete, absolute perfection. Becoming those thinspirational pictures we stare at for hours on end. When somebody tells us we look 'weak', 'fragile' and that we 'need to get some meat on our bones'- that's like music to our ears. We dream of becoming gorgeously thin, with tiny perfect arms and legs, with sticking out ribs and collarbones. We dream of having complete self-control, of saying "No thank you" to every food forced upon us, saying "Yes please" to skinny in our minds. This isn't just a quick fix. It's a way of life. For life. And this is what we're meant to be. And we will give anything for our dreams. Starving, purging, control, running untill we're weak and faint with exhaustion. This isn't just our dream, it's our reality. Because it has to happen. It has to. She keeps me going. Always there in my head.  Today i lost a further 4lbs! I am so happy. I am now at 168lbs (12 stone)!!!! I am so happy!! I'm under 170lbs so i've only got 16lbs left to loose before my christmas target weight! My boyfriend is over at the moment, and i've convinved him i'm ill, therefore I can only eat a small portion of thin-a-soup in a mug to help my throat (win!!!) Keep going all you beautiful people, today is a good day! Think thin  X
Day 3, Five day fast 1 I'm feeling really good. I ordered some diet pills that I haven't tried before, before I took them I was feeling quite shakey - maybe too much caffeine with the coffee + green tea I'd had earlier, so I was mo somewhat concerned that it'd be a heart overdose, but the pills seem to be mostly herbal rather than caffeine, and to my surprise I've been feeling really good, and not at all hungry - which will be great for helping me to avoid binging and purging. They have a money back guarantee but I think I won't be using it.... but we'll see!
Heyy ya'lll Like omg i have no posted in so long im so sorry XD my life is sooooo busy We have so much to catch up on 1)ive lost 5lbs :/ not because ive tried bt because im so busy i dnt really eat 2)theres no boy anymore :'( yes we tried again and yes he let me down again...he started been really mean and patronising and started talking to me like i was a twat...the worst thing was "i think yu need to start going gym again..." C*&T!! aghh hes stressd me out but now that hes not around i can get bk on track :) 3)im back in contact with my best friend!! :) Basically we stopped talking about 3years ago bcs of some sillyness but she ws my beat friend from wen we ws 11...she got back in contact with me and im so happy like i dnt need a bf right now shes the funniest person alive and i love her to bits BUT shes a size 6 (uk) like seriously im the fat friend :( i hate it so i need to do something about this lool its hard bcs shes tryna put on weight and im tryna lose...like really?! Lool but its kool we're gna meet half way 8st and a half :) 3) uni is foooookiiinnn hard !! Lool ive got so much work to do i gt 2 reports due in 2nd dec aghhh its too much stress like reli this is my week Monday-friday: uni 9-5 2evenings: work 6-10pm Sundays: work 9am-9:30pm And then i try to go gym as much as possible and see my friends and family....i swear to god there isnt one day i cn sleep past 7am But yu knw what im hoping to loose more weight Im having "that time of the month" at the moment so i feel like shit 4) this is prob the worst for me I miss sex!!! Looool I havnt had any in like a month i swear i miss havin a bf :( life wudnt b as bad if i was still gtin some action bt theres a drought going on looooool  Anyway girlies i hope yur all doing much better than me  Love you all x
calories in common foods walnuts - 691cal hazelnuts - 654cal sunflower seeds - 584cal soy beans - 446cal quinoa - 368cal kidney beans - 337cal shiitake mushrooms - 296cal avacado - 160cal garlic - 149cal bananas - 89cal corn - 86cal
Intro... I've never been good at first impressions... There is so much to consider with them. We were told at a training day, "You only have 30 seconds to approach someone new. And 4 minutes after that to wow them with your personality" 4 minutes to change their judgement of you. Everything about you. The way you look, dress, sound smile, stand, smell. They will know if you're friendly. Or if you're a bitch. If you're outgoing, or shy. If you're nice, funny, smart, a failure.. skinny........ or fat........ We all do it, heck I do it with every single person I pass by on the streets. Guessing if they're just naturally skinny, or going through the exact same thing that I wish I could be. Yes, I know that sounds bad of me but heck, I said i wasnג€™t good at first impressions.. But here? It's safe. Nobody judges. Because in all honesty, isnג€™t everybody who's reading this, thinking the same thing? We're all trying to achieve the same thing. Trying to BE the same thing. All wishing and wanting and desiring perfection.  Complete.  Utter.  PERFECTION. But, I'm ashamed. I'm no where near the perfection I desire so badly. Not even close.  I'm huge.  In the past two years Iג€™ve ballooned from 140 - 180 lbs. I've spent several days now purging and bingeing, and starving and running and binging and purging and running and fainting. Now I need to let this all out and a diary helped me through my worst days when I was younger. At least on here, I have someone who can relate to me. So hereג€™s a few things you should know about meג€¦ - My hair has been just about every single shade under the sun. - Currently itג€™s dark brown. - I hate it. - My boyfriend loves my curves. I donג€™t know why he cant see how fat I am. - I used to cut. And itג€™s not something Iג€™m proud of. Itג€™s been 4 years and I still feel the urge. But I won't bring myself to it. - On here, Iג€™m an open book. In real life, nobody knows what I am going through and the full details of my past. - I have to wear makeup. Absolutely have to. - I over think way too much. - I love to write. And I love to draw. Some day I WILL be a famous writer. - I donג€™t care if itג€™s gay. I dream of waking up and finding out that Iג€™m a mermaid.. - I donג€™t listen to the music that people ג€˜assumeג€™ I will like. I like that. Iג€™ve always felt the need to be thin. I used to be very large in my younger years, and when I hit 13 my weight plummeted down to 120 lbsג€¦ Iג€™ve never been able to reach that again. I hate myself for the incapacity to have so much self control over my weight. I need to get control back. I need to be perfect. I will have my perfect body and I will sustain it and I will fight to get there. Height: 5ft 8in Weight: 176lbs BMI: 26.8Goal Weight: 110lbs Goal BMI: 16.7 I will get there.
/#&%**#&&* AGH... im the fattest stupidest weakest person.. back to 67kg!! aghh my clothes are tight my skin is horrid  I hate myself and this stupid fat Why can i not stop eating Why can i not say no Why can i not be skinny The boy makes her go away Mia leaves me shes gone I no longer feel hunger I no longer feel belly aches I no longer purge And i hate it Im full up all the time  That disguisting feeling of eating too much is all i feel Mia please come back Help me again Help me be skinny Help me take control again Thinspo Be My Love Again... Could i ever Be Happy, InLove And Skinny? But Really Being Skinny Is Happiness And I Will Find Love So Sacrifices Have To Be Made I Will Be Skinny I Will Loose Min 4lbs A Week I Dnt Care Hw But I Will * :/ *
Ana Mail Day So, I ordered some supplements and a new scale last weekend & they arrived last Friday. (I've been meaning to update but life is kinda busy.) It was good and bad.  Good because I got some HydroxyCut, cayenne pepper capsules, and green coffee bean pills. It was terrible because my old dial scale was apparently 7 pounds off.  In the wrong direction.  So I'm officially a fucking whale but it's okay because that just lights a fire inside me (or maybe it's just that cayenne pepper) to starve on.  I researched HydroxyCut and found some alarming information but, fuck it, I'm desperate to drop pounds as quickly as possible. I took it with a tall glass of water and made myself a spinach salad.  -1 cup of baby spinach (12 calories)  -1/2 cup of peeled cucumber (8 calories) -1/4 cup of veggie cottage cheese (48 calories)  Total: 68 calories.  I love this Hood veggie cottage cheese. I love cheese to begin with but 1/4 cup has less calories than my favorite light dressing and is 200x more filling.  ---------- So, here we are, 6 days later & 5.4 pounds lighter! Not too shabby, considering I haven't been restricting below 1,000 calories a day.
Weigh in I just weighed myself for the first time in a while. I convinced myself that I was looking slightly smaller and that I would have lost at least a couple of lbs. I was wrong. I've gained back the 3lbs that I had lost and I'm back at the start. Back up to the highest weight I've ever been.  In that second I went from looking at myself and thinking I could see a slight difference, to seeing my stomach balloon before my eyes. I'm gigantic, how could I have ever convinced myself of anything else? I've been planning on having soup for lunch before I go to work, I even considered buying a wholemeal roll to go with the soup, but now the thought of eating anything seems ridiculous. Eating better seems to have caused me to gain weight, so clearly eating nothing is the only way I'll ever get down to an acceptable weight.
something fun perhaps? ughhh. binged today. i had a girl scout meeting. yes girl scouts. its good for college so be quite! :P (the downside is the glorious cookies) anyways. we had bagels and this like egg pie thing. oh yeah keish i think. so yeah. not good. but i didnt have one bagle. i had three bagel halves PLUS cream cheese. exactly. then i was just like. why the fuck not. and had some cookies. (I GOT TO TASTE THE NEW FLAVOR!!! :D). and then everyone left and im alone in my house (we have the meetings at my house. and then i had russion wedding cookies or whatever and good and plenty and pie crust. ughhhh good news: since no ones home i can exercise vigorously and not be called anorexic by my twin sister :) i want to do something fun with the Pro-Ana community out there. soooo i was thinking we could share holiday thinspo? just a thought. TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK!  ? katy
Planning ahead.. ..and typing it here just for the sake of it, clearly. Tuesday: 1. 2 weetbix + lowfat milk 2. Maths exam 3. Mango 4. History&Geography exam 5. Fame school musical rehearsal 6. Get home at 5:45pm or so 7. Umpiring at 7pm 8. Dinner at 8pm Should be under 500 calories for the day intake wise, but I'll burn it right up ! Aweee-some. Wednesday 1. 1 weetbix + lowfat milk 2. Double PE (netball) 3. Watermelon 4. classes 5. nil lunch 6. classes 7. nil food til dinner Under 200 ? Thursday 1. 1 weetbix + lowfat milk 2. classes, including Computer Skills exam 3. Watermelon 4. classes 5. Sesame snaps (2 in a packet, very small) 6. sport (ultimate frisbee) 7. nil food til dinner Under 200-300 ? Friday 1. Total water fast today. 2. Pretend to have breakfast 3. classes 4. Pretend to have recess 5. classes 6. Pretend to have lunch 7. classes 8. Pretend to have afternoon tea 9. Youth social, go swimming there. 10. Thus being why I'm not eating... hello ?! I don't want a single food bulge on my stomach... 11. Tell my parents I will eat at the social. 12. Tell my friends I ate at home. Simple :-) ZERO CALORIES! Saturday 1. Wake early-ish 2. Spend an hour on the treadmill 3. Do some weights for my flabby arms 4. Do some sit-ups 5. Pretend to eat breakfast 6. Shower. Then I don't know what. I have a party that night. So I guess try to water fast again on Saturday. I want to look good... well as good as I can. Any tips for avoiding pigging out at parties? My will power dies at them... D-: Mmm yeah.. I'm going to print that off and sticky tape it to.. something. So the family can't see it, but I will. But where... ? Well, I love you for the unconditional understanding, love and support you give. Take care, xx
IM GONNA DIE SOON, FUCK... I think I am dying from the eating disorder. I really think I am dying of something. I just turned 28 and had an ED 16 years.  Im not at my lowest weight but have all of the physical symptoms. So bad. My arms cramp and hurt to type this and my vision is blurred. My chest hurts. My ass bones hurts, my knees hurt to touch off one another , my most recent relapse happened sooooooo fast. ....... so fast..... I have been hula hooping for hours and hours and running around eating nothing, taking lax etc ...... One day this week I literally ate HALF a chicken nugget. 40 calories?!!! 5 chicken nuggets is a serving, a serving counts towards one of three meals a day. I know tihs and yet ignore everything. Can I continue to defy the laws of nutrition/ I think not. My kidneys feel fucked up. I will try to get antibiotics tomorrow but seriously just think im gonna die soon...... yeah it will be so sad if i Do.... cause i have been trying... i work as an ESL teacher online and have friends and family..... am a relatively young woman.... i wanted to move to Deutschland, Germany!!!1 back to Frankfurt to work and even settle down and buy an apartment. Build a life. I could end up back in the psych unit again and making a semi recovery. But I always relapse. So unfortunately I am in the statistics...... those awful statistics about EDs that state some die due to the illness or because of suicide and dont get better...... yeah some do get better but I am now in the bracket of the people who are CHRONIC, the people who never reach a recovery.  I am so cold..... the pain in my bones is hard to describe, how to describe it/./???///// i want to SCREAM and cry and rock in the fetal position ..... I want to be cuddled...... i want somebody to stroke my hair and say I will be ok ....... my knees are purple in under these PJS. Thats apparently called Reynauds disease a side effect of Anorexia. My SHIT IS GREEN. Whatever I have eaten this week was pooped out straight away, green ........ im peeing all the time and it hurts my back and stomach and chest ....... i wonder is it ketoacidosis..... if it was i should be in ICU at the moment but I am afraid to go to A and E because Ive been in hospital a lot before and I am ashamed..... at some points I was fit to dial an ambulance but I cant do it ........ for the moment I am staying put, alone, in pain. Who knows maybe the GP will give me ensures tomorrow and they could really help...... if not ...... a few more days and I could just die........ this is so serious........this is so serious and i cant laugh it off anymore...
I have suffered from an eating disorder and I am currently recovered although I think it never really goes away; it will always linger around and will strike when stress arises. I notice in times of stress that I start paying more attention to my diet because it is still one of the things i do have control over. Even in times when there isnt stress in my life,I am still not able to eat a whole mars bar (too scary), and when I am angry with myself I still punish myself with not eating. Sometimes I wonder whether I need the control not because the things in my life are out of my control, but because I am out of control internally and I am not feeling balanced emotionally. It is fascinating to see how many people are actually suffering from disordered eating. I see more and more people in my environment with disordered eating behaviours and quilt feelings about eating. I think anorexia is in some cases a reaction to the other extreme, obesity. Both caused by either a lack of control in life or a lonely empty feeling that is caused by a society of having to achieve and be perfect. I am trying to make something positive out of my experience by giving a workshop to teenage girls. I have done the `Body think` training of the Butterfly Foundation in order to educate teenagers about positive body image. I believe a positive body image will prevent emotional imbalances from becoming dangerous eating disorders.
﻿the thin commandments The thin commandments must be followed at all costs. They are the foundation to our skinny lifestyle, they keep us from failing, they keep us motivated. Read and re read these every single day. Memorize them, whatever it takes. With them, you will not fail. 1. If you aren’t thin, you aren’t attractive. 2. Being thin is more important than being healthy. 3. You must buy clothes, cut your hair, take laxatives, starve yourself, do anything to make yourself look skinnier. 4. You shall not eat without feeling guilty. 5. You shall not eat fattening food without punishing oneself afterwards. 6. You shall count calories and restrict intake accordingly. 7. What the scale says is the most important thing. 8. Losing weight is good, and gaining weight is bad. 9. You can never be too thin. 10. Being thin and not eating are signs of true will power and success. I know this is a short post, but def a necessity! ❥ Caty
Lies Lies Lies It is far too hot and sticky today and I am far too sweaty sitting here in the little study, tap tap tapping away at the keyboard in a room surrounded by books to give you guys a proper post, so this shall be fairly short. I made a mistake. I let my mum read my copy of Unbearable Lightness and now she's become suspicious. She wants me to talk to the school counsellor about my best friends all moving to the country but I refuse. I'm not talking to the counsellor about my 'problems' ever again. Mum says that if I don't talk about my 'problems' or 'issues' then they can come out in other ways. She also gave me the 'you need to put on weight' talk. She also said that people have noticed my weight loss. She asked if I knew how much I weigh, to which I replied no, I don't weight myself. She asked if my periods were regular, to which I said yes, I had it a week ago. I haven't had my period in roughly three months. She also said that anorexia can sneak up on you, I just smiled to myself and thought 'I know that and too bad, I'm too far in this now.' ps. Welcome new followers! I can't believe I've cracked the 50 mark! also, thank you all for your beautiful, beautiful, BEAUTIFUL comments. I love you all, my secret little butterflies. xxx
On the road to skinny There was always a part of me that liked my body and hated the other part of me that hated my body. Now that part has gone. All of me hates my body. I'm sick of it. Sick of it. Fat, just go away, make it easier for me. Or maybe food, maybe you could go away. Temptation go away. How about all of it go away: the fat, the temptation and the food. Yeah sounds like a plan. Today I've already consumed a lot: breakfast: piece of bread with nutella, 2 pieces of toast with avocado and tomato. I blame it on holidays. Anyway that is all I plan on eating today until dinner and then I'll only consume a little bit. I will ignore all temptations. Then I will be back on track, I will be back on the horse riding under the sun on the road to skinny skinny skinny. But that's not all I want. As I travel this path to skinny skinny skinny I also want to gain attention, love and happiness. Even though I don't want people to notice what I'm doing to my body I also hope that eventually people will; but the fact that people may notice also scares me because I don't know what they'll do once they notice. It's all so confusing but now I don't care. I'm determined. My goal is set. That feeling in my stomach now, the feeling of being full, learn to hate it and steer clear from it. A full stomach = a fat stomach, fat thighs, a fat butt. Remember that now, that is vital information. Hopefully the next couple of days are easier, much easier. NO PIGGING OUT FOR ME!
Day 2 veggies!!! Aka fruit lol I am an idiot for work today I packed a bunch of fruit.... On veggie day lol! Just remembered now and it's abit too late to go back.. Oh well whatever I'll just have fruit at work l and have veg when I get home tonight. I didn't have time this morning to get a bowl of soup so i wont have anything but fruit which is ok, I'll just have it when I get home for dinner I guess.  So guess what.. My boss bought fish & chips last night for the staff coz we work til 9pm and I had some argh, but u know what I'm not gonna count it as a cheat, as long as I can get right back up again, which I did, ill b ok, & that doesn't mean I'll do it all the time either. Beau is so over it already lol that's fine by me, it's not like I expected him to last he had take out last night and stuffed his face with a few chocolates at work, oh well! As long as we don't have it in the house I guess I'll get over it.  TBH last night after I had the fish & chips my boss got I tried to purge, didn't really work!! I stopped and thought wtf am I doing!!?? I can't start that again... Right???  It's so damn cold! I just wanna b home in bed, I really can't wait until tomorrow is over so my wknd can begin:-)  I got really annoyed with B last night coz I was kinda looking forward to spending the wknd with him and I told him that all week until last night he decides to make plans for ppl to come round,& not any ppl a person in particular that I'm not really a fan of. His so into drugs it's not funny, I mean he can b a really nice guy and all without that but noooo... & he just influenced beau to do it too, I don't wanna sound like a bitch but beau doesn't really do any of that anymore but whenever ..Friend... Is around beau gets into it and it just frustrates me. Sorry bout the rant. Off to work I go!
Ready to coach someone I have space to coach a couple more people. Please be serious, you can be new but be serious. I will use email, kik or Snapchat only.  Be ana, and ready to get serious about being skinny. This means restricting, fasts and exercise. Your only goal should be getting skinny.  I will provide accountability, discipline and motivation. I will push you, encourage you and when needed, punish you for not working hard enough. You should be ready to accept this.  Let's get you skinny, get you back in control.  email: anasdiscipline@gmail.com 
﻿(if you want to view categories, click the arrow and the word the second time it appears. for example, there is lifestyle with an arrow, so click the arrow and it will drop down another lifestyle- click the second one.) It’s 2018, and the media hates us. Type in pro ana blog, and half the results is shaming us for not eating, for having these blogs. Plus, most of the pro ana blogs left are from, like, 2014. I was tired of going through half-finished, out-of-date blogs, so I made my own. i support recovery, but am not in it myself. My name is Caty. I’m 16, and I live in the United States. If you want to become ana buddies, or join a group chat, my kik is catyspacen. I’m 5’5, my starting weight was 125 lbs, my goal weight is 100 lbs, and my ultimate goal weight is 88 lbs. Currently, I am 109 (March 30 2019). Pro ana is not a religion here- just a lifestyle. I’m not trying to teach you to have an eating disorder, this is merely a refuge. It’s that little voice inside our head that we can’t seem to shake, but at least we don’t have to do it alone. So welcome, love you lots. Remember, calories are the enemy. You have control, you barely eat, and nothing tastes as good as skinny feels. Saying no to food is saying yes to skinny. But also, we are here to be skinny, NOT dead or hospitalized. And no one must EVER find out. ❥ Caty
Could I be any worse of a human? Well I'm approaching my 10 year mark of having eating disorders and it's hitting me pretty hard tonight. I'm not sure why it is but, I guess it's because I went out to dinner with my ex that I dated almost 3 years ago at the height of my ed and we got mexican food and 4 hours later when I finally got home I purged? The question mark is because I know that after 4 hours there is absolutely no point in purging so, I don't know why I did? I'm seeing someone I used to really not like (He used to be my exs best friend until they had a huge fight and now hate each other) and he makes me happy and everything has felt like a movie between us its been so good. So, why am I so sad tonight? Why am I back on here after so long? Why do I still want my ed to get worse again? Most importantly why do I think I love him after such a short period of time of only liking him as a person? I leave for grad school in a month and I'm sad, excited, happy, and scared all at the same time. I've looked at pushing my move date back because I don't want to leave him yet. I'm not ready for it to be over yet. I don't want him to move on so quick. Yet, with all of that being said, I'm still just hoping my ed will take over now that I'll be living on my own again and I just want to get back to my LW. How could anyone love someone like me right now? They couldn't. But, deep down I'm begging him to feel the same. I'm begging that he will want to try to keep seeing only me even after I leave. Maybe it's just an infatuation but, right now he's almost all I can think about and it's completely consuming me. These are the parts of me that I hate the most.
﻿how to distract yourself while fasting!! June 6, 2018caty Hey everyone! I’ve noticed on tumblr and pinterest that all the ways to distract yourself are few and they’re all the same, which is quite annoying. So, I’ve compiled a list of things that help me while fasting! Hope some of these work for y’all too!! ♡ binge watch a series on netflix / watch some movies ♡ watch try on hauls on youtube- extra motivation for when you’re skinny!! ♡ scroll through tumblr, reblog, make friends ♡ learn how to do different things with makeup and hair ♡ join an active ed group chat and talk for hoursss (if you need one to join #strictansisters on kik is one i created yay) ♡ start a blog!! ♡ paint your nails ♡ read a book ♡ do some fun workouts on youtube ♡ redecorate your room ♡ do diys! ♡ GET THE F^$&*&%$ OUTSIDE ♡ go through your closet, and donate/sell the ones you don’t like or are too big! ♡ deep clean something in your house ♡ drink tea! just be careful adding honey since it has a lot of cals ♡ tell yourself “i could eat this food, but i’m not going to, because i am stronger than that” ♡ choreograph a dance ♡ make a playlist (i make one for every month) ♡ learn how to do a cartwheel/handstand/etc ♡ browse online shopping and think how cute those clothes will be on you when you’re skinny ♡ do things online to earn $$$ (like surveys! qmee, opinion outpost, and inbox dollars are my faves) ♡ start a workout challenge ♡ catch up on studying/ homework (if you’re in school or have summer homework) ♡ learn something new on khan academy ♡ hang out with friends ♡ facetime someone ♡ read / write something on wattpad ♡ watch something like supersize vs superskinny ♡ play with a pet ♡ take a long bath / shower ♡ go for a walk (bonus points if you take a camera and take pics along the way) ♡ edit pictures for instagram Stay strong and starve on my lovelies!! ❥ Caty
Stuffs in my life OMFG THE DUMBASS WEEKEND DIETICIAN AT THE HOSPITAL MADE ME EAT 3300 FUCKING CALORIES TODAY. FUCK. FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK. I want to die so bad. I know I'm still "technically" underweight (bmi 16.7) but all the weight I've gained is in fat so I'm not skinny anymore. Why is it that the more weight I gain the more she makes me eat!!!! Also, random thought, I've never seen a male dietician before. Do they even exist?  I'm 99.99% percent sure I'm gonna relapse when I discharge. I'm not ready to recover, I haven't reached my UGW yet. They didn't let me reach it before I got hospitalized. Oh but I missed food SO MUCH. a gross part of me is glad they're making me eat because it tastes soooooooooooooooo good. If I don't reach my UGW on my next relapse before they hospitalize me I think I'm gonna kill myself. FML.  I'll keep adding entries. Not that anybody cares or is even reading this.
Tips to Workout & Stay Motivated Rise and Shine: Set you alarm clock back an hour every three to four days. By allowing yourself time in the morning, your more likely to workout. 1. your not tiered from your day, 2. You cant make excuses about having a bad day or being tired and 3. you got up specifically to exercises. Plan Plan Plan: Plan your workouts beforehand and set out your workout clothes the night before. Lazy days: Even if you have a lazy day, SO SOMETHING. Do light exercise such as walking, yoga and pilates. Hey, you can even dance along to an fav upbeat song. Scorching Boring: Don’t make it boring, do things you enjoy and dont forget to mix up your exercises/workouts. Remembering your progress: Keep a journal for your workouts. Every time you improve and find yourself doing a little extra time on the treadmill,  write it down. When your feeling unmotivated, look through your the pages and see your progress. Make it a Habit: After a while, exercise will become a habit and it will be much easier to get your butt out of bed for. Motivational Tip: Get a cork board and cover it with pictures of people who have your dream body. Put it where you are going to see it everyday… its a constant reminder for you. – A oxoxox
Day#1 I decided im going to starting posting my progress here because it will keep me accountable. Today with all my running around i burned 350calories. I fasted for 22hours and at the end ate a small apple-48cal(i didnt finish it all) later i had some lucky charms and animal crackers(which im trying to get out the carbs)-85cal and popcorn-114cal. In all i had 247 calories today. And am back at fasting. I lost 1lbs (108 to 107). If anyone has tips to how i can do better please tell me! I hate being this weight... Thank you so much for reading!
Introduction to blog heyo! so i'm starting this blog because i am sick and tired of failing to lose weight and ending back up at my goal weight and hating myself. this blog will include daily weigh ins, daily food intake and i will also be sharing my struggles and tips that i have! My current weight is 166.4 which will go up tmrw because i binged but im gonna fast tmrw. my goal weight is 130 lbs but i would be SOOO HAPPY if i could get under it. i have been attempting to diet and exercise for 3 weeks and have failed badly so THIS NEEDS to change.
"You don't have to be invisible to disappear." In the months since I last posted, my support team has basically tripled in size. For a long time, it’s been my GP, dietitian, and psychologist. Now, since my NDIS plan has come into effect, I also have two support workers, a support coordinator, a drug & alcohol counselor, and an occupational therapist. The only day that I don’t have any appointments is Sunday. I see one support worker Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturday. The second one, who I only met a couple of weeks ago, I see Mondays and Thursdays. They’re there to mostly have a chat, help out with issues that might be bothering me, and day-to-day things. I see my GP and dietitian every other Tuesday, and my psychologist on alternate weeks. I see the drug & alcohol counselor every few weeks, to try to come up with coping mechanisms to cut back on drinking. My support coordinator basically runs things, but I don’t see him much, and the occupational therapist is every month or two (basically to set goals and create more routine in my days). The organization my support team are from run groups during the week. I’m supposed to try to get to them once or twice a month, but I haven’t yet (when I do, it’ll probably be the exercise oriented ones). They also do BBQs each Saturday, which I try to get to every 4-6 weeks. A few of the people there I already know pretty well from when I was living at the SRS, so that makes it easier to be around so many people. I’m still too nervous to eat at the BBQ, between eating in front of others and whipping out my scales like a weirdo, but my Support Worker buys me a coffee on the way. Since I’ve always been so isolated, I’ve never really had to deal with people pressuring me to eat. My family would ask if I’d like to try what they were cooking, and obviously wanted me to eat, but accept it when I declined. At the BBQ, even when none of them know explicitly about the ED, at least half a dozen people will ask “have you had something to eat?”, “aren’t you having lunch?”, “are you sure you don’t want something?” Even if I was hungry and the food smells good, I’d rather wait until I get home and cook a low-fat sausage in a dry pan and eat it in wholemeal, instead of a fatty budget sausage cooked in oil and put in white bread. None of it’s helping much at the moment, but it’s nice to have the extra support and know that, most days, there’ll be someone around if I need to talk. A few weeks ago, I slammed headfirst into a massive ED trigger. I won’t go into detail, because I don’t want to trigger anyone else with it. In the space of a few days, I made after hours crisis calls to my support worker, dietitian, The Butterfly Foundation (which I could unfortunately not get through to), Lifeline, and an emergency GP appointment. Those who know me, know that it takes a lot for me to actually pick up the phone, or to go and talk to a doctor I’ve never met before. I’ve had to be more cautious with food, with only the safest of safe foods on the menu to avoid another breakdown. I’m stocked up on fruits (currently apples, mandarins, kiwis, strawberries, watermelon and cantaloupe), yoghurt, crispbread, multigrain bread, and boiled eggs. If I want a main meal, I’ve got veggie soups and stews in the freezer, and I’ve always got things to make baked potatoes around (usually a little low-fat cheddar, garlic, and 97% fat-free shortcut bacon). One of my favorites is a light version of potato latke - a medium low carb potato, shredded and mixed with No Egg egg replacer, and cooked in a couple of teaspoons of butter. Even though I use a little butter, it still works out to under 200 cal. I’m also partial to chicken cooked in Mexican seasoning, to have with salad in either a wrap or a couple of crunchy taco shells. And with winter hitting hard, hot chocolates (45 cal) are flowing in abundance. It’s not 100% full proof. Especially if I’m drinking, my food choices vary (not so much by calories, but different options that aren’t necessarily as safe). On the plus side, I’m also drinking less, even though it’s mostly because of the calories. Last year, I consumed a total of 136,700 calories in alcohol alone. That translates to 17.75kg (39 lbs) extra on the scale that I could’ve lost if I didn’t drink. My dietitian is concerned that I’ve barely been getting any protein. I’ve been averaging 20g a day, and she wants me to get up to at least 40g. I’ve been trying to add in things like more yoghurt, boiled eggs, and nibbling on cashews instead of crispbread, but I still struggle to even hit 30g. Since the Big Trigger, it’s back down to barely 20g. My weight’s slowly been dropping since cutting down on drinking in the past year, although it’s been stagnant because I’ve been drinking more again in the last three months, mostly due to a lot of traumaversaries at this time of year. Whether I’m drinking or not, my food calories average around 600, but alcohol can easily add an extra 1,000 in a day. Mum has since decided to move back to Geelong, after spending months looking around the state to figure out where she wants to go. Our relationship has definitely improved in the past 6 months, but it’s not without effort. We’ve started going for walks, to get me out of the house and to help with her health issues. About a month ago, we did the walking track at the beach (unfortunately I did not take photos). Then last week, we did the river walk (pictures below). I’m still not getting out much - the only other outings this year have been two birthday dinners - but hopefully between these walks, the BBQ, and trying to start some of the groups, that might improve. I’m also going to be looking at a couple of places this week, for the first time since the house was sold in August. I’d been looking a lot before that, but since Billy passed, I lost all motivation. Even though it’s never been an overly pleasant place, the refuge has become even more stressful and depressing in recent months, and I need to get out of here, especially after being here since October. So wish me luck! And I’m sorry I’ve been terrible at answering comments and emails. When I get them, I tell myself I’ll post an update the next day, but can’t find the energy to get out of bed and sit at my laptop. I know I say it every time, but I really will try to update more often. xxBella
Let the Challenge Begin… November 30, 2014 love2bethin4life 10 day challenge, 5lbs, challenge, extreme diet 2 Comments Monday, the beginning of a fresh week and the start of the challenge! Your all probably wondering what the challenge actually is, so I will get to the point. Myself and fellow pro-ana chat members are competing to be the first one to lose 5lbs (approx. 2kg) whilst also following the 10 day challenge —> I’m also going to pay for a weeks gym access… maybe more if I can afford it, but I’ll cross that bridge later. Anyway, feel free to participate in the challenge. I will be posting my points from the 10 day challenge everyday so if you want you can also post yours bellow as a comment, I would love to see that <3. Stay strong – A oxoxo
﻿anafood: breakfast ideas Hey everyone! I’m doing an anafood series, which is basically just food ideas for anas. There might be something over 200, but most everything is under that. Enjoy! breakfast ✦ Green tea (0 cal) ✦ Small apple (70 cal) ✦ Honey Nut Cheerios w almond milk (1 cup cereal + ½ cup almond milk= 120 cal) ✦ Oatmeal, ¼ cup (75 cal) *depends on type of oats, how much you eat, and whether you add things to it. Always check nutrition labels ✦ Vegan pancakes- recipe link (100 cal per pancake) ✦ Egg cups- recipe link (40 cal per cup) Breakfast is easy to skip, which is why there’s only a few ideas listed. Stay strong and starve on my lovelies! ❥ Caty
Help. I miss the old Blogger, not that that matters, but these just don't feel like my posts anymore! I can gradually feel myself getting fatter day by day, hour my hour. And I'm doing nothing to stop it! I haven't been to the gym in god knows how long, and I just keep making myself believe that sex will burn it off, and weed will keep my metabolism burning at an intense rate, and food and moderation is the key! When it isn't! It's the devil! Food is making me fat, and moderation, should be starvation. And I need to regain control! I am in such a depressive stage and I wish I could get back to my 90lb self that I was little until 5 years ago.  Skinny, Happy.  And skinny.  That was all that mattered back then.  Now I am fat.  And unhappy. I need you guys. I need to get out of my rut. Please help me I know I can do this. I just need guidance xxx
Sorry seems to be the main word in my vocabulary... I'm back. I previously sort of recovered by myself unintentionally and I waited for ana to take me back. I've relapsed and now back with my lovely companion. I've missed her and you guys. There's so much to catch up on! I hope you guys don't mind having me back. It's going to take me some time to get back into the swing of things on here, I hope I don't dissapoint. Today's Intake: 483 Exercise: 493 Net: -10 I know this may sound bitter and twisted but I'm so glad that I'm back!!!! Lots and lots and lots and lots of undying love, Anafly xxx