COULD I BE AT MY HAPPY WEIGHT? You guys.  It’s been an incredible Sunday.  I’ve done absolutely nothing of interest.  Nothing instagrammable.  Well, I did eat some watermelon gazpacho, and I made that a boomerang on my Instastories.   So, I guess it has been an instagrammable day.  Something ordinarily extraordinary did happen today though.  I went to Target.  If you haven’t heard, Target has placed Starbucks on Cartwheel this week.  Naturally, I wandered that way and picked up some 20% off espresso to start off my mid-morning.  Here’s what happened as I walked into Target.  I saw my reflection in the automatic doors and I thought: “Wow.  Look at me!”  So happy with my reflection, I thought:  Could this be my happy weight?”  Two things:  1 – I gave my body a compliment.  2 – I am considering my weight in measurements of HAPPY.  You guys, this is big…  If you were to encounter me in the flesh (let’s say, at Target), you would see me as an extremely normal sized girl, especially by today standards.  And, you guys… I am SO EXCITED TO BE NORMAL.  My goal has never been to be skinny.  My goal has never been to have abs.  Technically, I do have abs.  My goal has been to feel confident.  My goal has been to walk tall.  Today, with my three-day unwashed hair in a big bun, I felt all of those things.  I’ll add:  I felt healthy.  I didn’t feel like I wanted to park as close to the door as possible because it was exhausting to walk into the store.  And, maybe my 42 is showing, but I didn’t even care that it’s likely everyone behind me got a glimpse of my cellulite (after all, #thickthighssavelives)  35.3 lbs down in this process, I am looking ahead to the future.  I’ve got my eyes on the long term prize.  And, as mentioned, I feel happy about my body.  I am just about 8 lbs away from my goal weight on the Jenny Craig program, and I’m fully expecting to get there in the weeks ahead.  Amongst us friends, I’ll still fall into the overweight category on many (if not all) of the medical charts, but honestly, I don’t care.  I feel great.    Ok, back to the story…  So here I am walking into Target, on a Sunday (and I guess it’s the equivalent of church to me), and I realized that if I never lose another, single pound, I’m going to be ok. And, yes, I had a “religious experience” passing through the dollar spot en route to Starbucks – – and that’s just the kind of basic girl I am.  So, what does all this mean?  I definitely want to finish this commitment I’ve made to myself to lose 42 lbs for my 42 year old self.  In the same sense, I’m no longer worrying about my weight.  I also have a 6th sense that I’m done gaining and losing (and losing and gaining).  I’m ready to focus on some other aspects of my life.  I’ve got some personal growth items in sight (which I’ll tell you more about soon.) I’ve got some fitness goals that I’d like to achieve (yes, I said FITNESS!) And, amongst us friends, I read something last night that really moved me about adopting a daily practice that I want to get started on.  Ultimately, I am incredibly thankful to this process, and my goodness… to Jenny Craig.  Every step and misstep I’ve taken has led me to where I’m at.  Every connection I’ve made along the way has taught me something incredible.  Now, I’m excited to achieve my weight loss goal, and move onto the next big thing.  What’s exciting?  I have found a new motivation in all of this.  I’M HAPPY.  I’m proud of myself.  I know that I can shed this last 8 lbs, and I know there are big things on the other side of this adventure.  Here’s to shedding that last 8 lbs and to achieving everything in this beautiful life.  xo  
Ghormeh Sabzi recipe This recipe, literally translated as 'stewed herbs' is an absolute favourite in Iranian cooking. I've eaten this for as long as I can remember, in Iran with Nan and Grandad, to mum and dad cooking it at home in Kent. This recipe, as you'll see in many others, contains lamb. Lots of it. My version is from my family in Iran that's been used for years, which is heavily south Iranian influenced. Northern Iran Sabzi tends to be a bit more sour. Persian food is always cooked in 'batches', or a very large pot which would have to last the whole evening! I cook it the same way so you have lots of leftovers for the rest of the week and its perfect for a big dinner party.  To serve over 4 people or to last the week,  You will need; 3 tbsp olive oil or vegetable ghee 5 white or brown onions chopped 2-3 cloves of chopped garlic  3 tbsp of ground powdered or fresh chopped turmeric Half teaspoon of dried lemon powder 2 cm fresh chopped ginger  Teaspoon of salt and pepper Leg, shoulder or (preferably) neck of lamb cut into bite size chunks, excess fat removed 500g- 1kg Sabzi greens 3 handfuls soaked in water (if you can't find them in middle eastern shops, use any dark, bitter greens; kale, mustard greens, turnip greens, fenugreek etc)  Red kidney beans Now Have a glass of wine on hand (not for the food) and soak the Sabzi greens just covered in water whilst you get on with the rest Dried Sabzi greens before being soaked   Sabzi soaked in plain cold water before cooking Heat up the oil or ghee in a large stockpot or saucepan Throw in the onions and fry for 10 minutes until soft  Add the chopped garlic and ginger for 2 minutes Add the lamb slowly and brown, including any shoulder or leg bone Add in the turmeric, lemon powder, salt and pepper and stir well Dried lemon powder  After 10 minutes and everything is soft, pour in the soaked Sabzi greens and water. The water should cover all the ingredients, pour in more if needed. Leave on a low simmer for at least 4 hours with lid off, adding in the kidney beans for the last 15 minutes. Lamb shoulder bone after 4 hours Meat should fall off the bone Personally, I cook this the day before, then when cooled store in the fridge and reheat the next day, it makes all the difference. This will keep for a week stored in the fridge, and you can even freeze portions for future use Serve with steamed rice and pomegranate molasses And that is my popular (so I've been told) Ghormeh Sabzi! Please follow me on Twitter @thebellazep and instagram @thebellazep and show me your Persian creations! Amy x All photos are my own 
We're connecting "again"..... We're connecting again, "he and I"....it's different now.  I've learned much these days...once again...how do I explain?  It's not easy to put into words.  He hasn't really changed much, so much as I have in seeing things in a "new light".    I'm learning to understand him better each day.  Each day brings different "aha" moments to me.  I've learned many lessons of late..that's for sure...I feel a huge change a "metamorphosis" in my life.  It's rather scary and at times I feel afraid...but I know it's coming anyway.......................my "new life"......it's been very overwhelming for me...going too fast...I must follow my heart and slow down....the angels on high kept trying, sending me many messages for quite some time now.....along with many signals that I have not paid much attention to of late...but  now I have no choice..and I do "chose" to listen and pay more attention to them now.  It's my soul...my mystical "being" that is changing.  I turn one direction and then turn another and slowly I am "seeing" things beyond my own issues, my own burdens in my life...I see all around me and observation is not the way to go now for me...participation is.  I will follow wherever it leads me...many  hands are there to lead the way...all our hands are reaching out now.  I must speak up...but more subtle now..in a different way.  As the Buddha saying goes "it is what it is"...and continues to "be"....spreading it's wings to a better place...yet still in the moment more so these days.  None of this probably makes any sense to anyone but myself....that's okay..that's what this blog is about...my "life"...as it is and will be. Onward to acceptance...and less so called "perfection"...from myself and from anyone else either...time for rest more quiet and more listening..and more courage to face the fears, as always....but with less anxiety and expectations....along with my great fears of being vulnerable to someone...anyone...because I think they will hurt me....life is full of pain....but it's also full of beautiful moments...that we will miss if we just stand still.....within our souls...and learning to trust is the hardest of all for me....working on not letting the ones who hurt me so much in the past affect my present moments in life now...I waste too much time worrying about the consequences of my actions...time for the "free falling"...yeah Tom Petty was right..and I am that song by the way!...I grew up in the valley in "Reseda" Los Angeles county!...."She's a good girl lives in Reseda, there's a freeway running right through the yard"....yep that was me!...and I'm free, free falling...well, it's about time, don't you think?  Yes, I think so...more like "free, free flying"...oh well..."whatever" as many say...we will see....life is short my dear friends...don't forget...no regrets in the end...take the chance...just boarding another train, just on another track...and going in a totally different direction...I hear the train a coming now....see you later....stay tuned....  Shine on,  Rhiannon 
BUDGET-FRIENDLY COLLEGE MATERIALS Starting college this year? Back to school? Still hassling around for textbooks? One of many issues that most college students run into are expensive textbooks for class. While many go to the campus bookstore to buy them, the rest of us are looking for a more affordable outlet.  Chegg. While Chegg does not have a physical store, they do have a website where you can order to buy or rent a textbook. If you sign up for their mailing list on their website, they email coupons of discounts and free shipping. The books they provide are more affordable whether youג€™re looking forward to buy or rent from them. On top of that, their customer service is reliable. Might want to hurry because classes start soon.  Valore Books. As per Chegg, Valore Books provides affordable books ג€” some may be cheaper or more expensive than the other, so itג€™s advisable to compare the sites to fit your budget better. Also signing up for their mailing list will assure some discounts of their own. And when youג€™re done with the semester, send the rented ones back or sell the books you bought right back to them.   College Book Renter. Another reliable and affordable site to buy, rent, or sell textbooks.  eCampus. If you need another comparison, this would the one. One of the lowest prices Iג€™ve come across so far.  eBates. This doesnג€™t help your textbook needs necessarily, but if youג€™re a struggling college student, using eBates every time you shop online you will receive a check. Free money mailed out to you without any catches, who can refuse?  UPromise. Itג€™s a bit similar to eBates except the money goes straight to your college fund whether youג€™ve opened an account for it or not ג€” itג€™s a great start. Itג€™s not common to receive money just for shopping, so might as well seize the opportunity when it presents itself. Now that weג€™ve got the textbooks out of the way, that leaves back to school clothes and supplies. I have an eclectic taste, so if youג€™re not into urban styles, ignore the rest of this post. A few stores have launched their Fall lines, and everyone is already diving for some new clothes for the forthcoming fall season.  Ever felt that you needed an assistant to help balance college life and personal life, but couldnג€™t afford one? Well, Fancy Hands has you covered.  Whatג€™s Fancy Hands? Itג€™s an internet savvy personal assisting service. No worries, you can trust founder Ted Roden to hire their most smart and savvy employees to complete every task you throw in their lap. Need to reschedule an appointment, email your manager or professor, book a hotel? They can take care of that for you. They can do any task that doesnג€™t involve the need of being present in person, so they unfortunately canג€™t FedEx a package for you. The best part of it is itג€™s wallet-friendly: $25 gets you 5 requests. While they take care of the smaller tasks for you, you can balance college and personal life without breaking a sweat.
dedication Lee and I always knew that we wanted to dedicate Luca. Our desire is to raise him to know and love the Lord. In fact, that is the most important thing to us.  Once we found out that we were going to be able to go to Connecticut after Luca was born, we decided that we wanted to dedicate him there during our trip. Walking into Crossroads to dedicate our son was a pretty surreal moment for me. I have sat and witnessed babies get dedicated for years. I have prayed for countless lives while watching parents- some I knew but most of whom I didn't- dedicate their children to the Lord. Before the service started, Lee and I took Luca in to meet with Mrs. Pat to learn the order of the service and what was going to happen/what we needed to do during the dedication. She also presented us with a red rose and a white rose, a bible, and a certificate. While she was telling us about the symbolism behind the roses and talking to us- I started to get really emotional. Partly because I was back in my home church, the one I grew up in. Partly because I was there to dedicate my son, my precious baby that I have prayed for and dreamt about for many years- way before he was conceived. But mostly I was getting emotional thinking about our Savior's love, and how thankful I was for the most miraculous gift I have ever received, my sweet baby boy.  The dedication was wonderful. Of course, I was afraid Luca was going to get upset right at the moment we were called up, but he did great. Since it wasn't a typical baby dedication service (since we were only in town on that specific date), we were the only ones dedicating our baby. Pastor Sean was the Pastor praying over us, talking to us, and asking us our intent. It meant so much that Pastor Sean was there because he was the Pastor that married Lee and me. It felt extra special to have him, three years and three months later, praying over us and our baby. In addition to Pastor Sean, Mrs. Pat was there holding Luca, anointing him with oil, and praying for him. That was also incredibly special for me since Mrs. Pat has been in my life since I was really little. She was there for me from when I was in Alpha, Omega, and Children's church, she was my JBQ coach, my camp counselor, and a loving support for me throughout high school and college years and still today. She played a big role in my life and has always prayed for me and with me in my 28 years of life,  and now she is praying for my son. It meant a lot to us- as you can imagine.  While dedicating Luca, my parents and Lee's mom stood behind us. Supporting us, praying for us and Luca, and promising to help us raise Luca in His Word. Not only did we have our parents behind us, but also siblings, Lee's grandma, cousins, friends who are like family, congregation members that I have known my whole life- all praying over our sweet boy. It was such a powerful moment that meant so much to us. Knowing that we have people in our lives who love our boy, and who are lifting him up in prayer is a pretty incredible feeling.  I am so grateful for the dedication service. I am so grateful for the family members and friends who made it to the service, and who pray for Luca each and every day. While it was hard not having my entire family there (missed you so so much Sarah and Josh), we were so thankful for those that were.  Meg, my close friend and personal photographer took our pictures. I am posting a ton because I had a hard time narrowing it down- I just love them all! It was a special night that will forever hold a special place in my heart.
The Reason You Can’t Lose Weight If you’re trying to lose weight, you might sometimes feel like it’s an impossible task. You can workout, watch your calories, and still feel like you can’t lose weight.  As a personal trainer it’s a question I get asked a lot:“Why can’t I lose weight?” My answer is simple. If you can’t lose weight no matter how hard you try, then there will be a reason for that.  The One Reason You Can’t Lose Weight First, you need to rule out medical conditions. Certain disorders and diseases can make losing weight even more difficult.  PCOS is linked to hormonal abnormalities which can cause fat build up in the abdomen and insulin resistance Hypothyroidism can affect your metabolism, making it slower and causing weight gain Hyperthyroidism also affects your metabolism and is also known to make you feel hungrier If you are sure that you aren’t affected by a preexisting medical condition, then there is really only one reason that you can’t lose weight.  You Can’t Lose Weight Because… HUNGER  Yes, that’s right. You might feel like you can’t or aren’t losing weight because of hunger. Research indicates that Hunger is the source of most failed weight loss attempts.  How many times have you eaten healthy all day long only to give in to post-dinner cravings? Or you’ve stuck to your guns during meal time but fallen off the wagon when it came to snacking? It’s easy to give in to hunger pangs when you feel like you’ve been good all day. You feel so guilty after a little slip-up that you beat yourself up about being a failure and not having enough willpower. You swear to do better the next day, but the cycle eventually repeats itself.  When you’re on a diet and in a constant state of hunger, you can only go for so long until you crack and fall completely off the wagon. Hunger is one of the most powerful driving forces. Trying to ignore it isn’t a solution, you have to know how to fight it.    Why Do I Feel Hungry? Our feelings of hunger and fullness are controlled by a few different hormones. Two of those hormones are leptin “the hunger inhibiting hormone” and ghrelin the “hunger hormone”.  Ghrelin is a hormone produced by your body that sends the signal that you are hungry. High levels of ghrelin make you feel hungry, and when you’re full, your ghrelin drops. Leptin is pretty much the opposite of Ghrelin. High levels of leptin mean fewer feelings of hunger whereas low leptin levels will leave you feeling hungry and craving anything and everything. Decreasing your calories when “dieting” causes your levels of ghrelin to increase (making you hungry) and your levels of leptin decrease (also making you hungry).  How To Reduce Hunger So if hunger is biological, how do we control it?  1. Eat more protein Protein has a satiating quality that leaves you more satisfied and keeps you feeling full for longer than other foods do. To avoid feeling hungry, try incorporating more protein into your meals and snacks!  veggies 2. Fill Up On Veggies Veggies are full of vitamins, minerals, and fiber. And they’re pretty low calorie, making them the perfect snack.  Just don’t add any toppings like butter or ranch. Dressing up your veggies like this will add fat (or sugar!) and calories, which is something you definitely don’t want. Zero calorie seasonings are okay.  kaytlin drinking water  3. Drink plenty of water Drinking water is super important for adequate hydration, but it can serve a double purpose by helping to fight hunger.  When you drink a lot of water, your stomach stays more full. This can help fight off the empty hungry feeling that makes you want to grab a snack!  Weight loss shake in cup surrounded by fruit  4. Use An Appetite Suppressant When you eat, your small intestines release a “signal” molecule called cholecystokinin (CCK). CCK signals to your stomach and brain letting you know you are full.  Slendesta is a type of appetite suppressant. It is made of a potato protein called P12. This protein actually works to create an increase of CCK, telling your brain and stomach that you are full. This full feeling can last up to 3 hours.  You Can Lose Weight Weight loss comes down to controlling your hunger and enjoying what you are eating. You don’t have to feel like you can’t lose weight, because you can!  IdealShape can help you to lose weight by helping to control your hunger. IdealShakes can help you change your appetite by combating hunger and helping you feel full and satisfied. They have enough fiber, protein, and the proven hunger-blocker Slendesta® to keep you feeling full for up to 3 hours. They are also calorie controlled, meaning you can cut calories and feel full all at the same time.  Here is what our customers have to say:  “I started this these shakes a little less than a month ago and love them! They taste better than other meal replacement shakes I’ve tried, and keep you full for at least 3 hours. Not only have I lost 10 lbs since starting them, but I actually want this in the morning.” — Rachel  “[The] shakes are amazing. Taste just like a milkshake, with none of the chalky aftertaste like most. They also keep me full for about 4 hours.” — Salia  “Love these products!!!!! The shakes are my favorite they sure do curb hunger!!!! And they are also delicious!!!” — Ashley C.
Why Your Weight Loss Success Requires Support  We live in an information abundant era, where there is access to all sorts of ways to lose the extra kilos. Almost daily we hear about new facts and information relating to nutrition, exercise and weight loss success. And yet even after more than two decades of training people and applying all this data, I am stilling learning new things. And one of the greatest learnings of all has been from you guys. My 12WBTers!  hi Our 12WBT Member Zone is a forum where participants can voice their successes and their disappointments. I have been constantly amazed at the level of support members give each other, and even more amazed by the positive effect the support has on the outcomes of others. Members have achieved better than expected weight loss results because the support of their peers gives them a vital ingredient in successful weight management ג€“ which is consistency. It allows them the time to form new eating and lifestyle habits, which replace the bad ones.  If exercise, nutrition and lifestyle are three key ingredients for keeping yourself in shape, then without a doubt, you guys have shown that support from others is the fourth.  Now, Iג€™m not suggesting that support from others is a guarantee for weight loss success. But, what it does is help us if we get off track, and it can also be a source of reinforcement for our self-beliefs when we need it most!  So, if you are embarking on a mission to improve your exercise and eating habits, tell your friends and family when you kick-off! Share out loud your ongoing successes and your failures and start to surround yourself with a support network. True friends will always prop you up with some well-timed encouragement and will remind you why youג€™re on this journey in the first place. Likewise, if someone you know is trying to lose weight and get fit, then make sure you are truly there for them, during both the ups and downs of their journey.
Makes You Think A ten minute video to make you think Today has been a most interesting day. I’d forgotten that The Gypsy had her last day using the treatment room on Wednesday, so it was a shock to walk into her empty room this morning and it triggered an emotional response for me! A couple of other emotional moments during the day put me a little on edge, so it was a comment from a pain in the butt male (who has attempted to give me grief in the past), which was the straw that broke the camel’s back and I snapped, creating a small scene at the bowls club. He deserved it, but the people at his table didn’t deserve to hear it. My language was not lady-like. I wish I had taken him aside and purged in private. But it’s done now. On a lighter note, I won a meat tray in the raffle! Our table was very lucky with five of us having a win tonight. Now I’m off to bed because I’m working tomorrow while The Motivator runs an art workshop with a bunch of teenagers, one of whom is celebrating a birthday. Should be fun! I shall do a healing meditation before bed so that I can sleep with a clear head. Nite all.
Why not?! So I decided today in some group or D.B.T. work I was revisiting..."Yeah, create a website!". Well to be frank, I don't know Jack about it and the other main reason being that my initial idea was I have always wanted to write a book. But I really don't care about material shit until I see something shinny ;) So I can bullshit here or write serious shit here and if some person finds it and gets a giggle fuck it that works... KARMA BITCHES!!! Yeah whatever I don't believe in anything, so, HA!!!  So those of you that know me, like I said if you stumble upon mme kool, but I am not like advertising this shit and What I say, I say....  SO check this shit, one of my groups started today, a week late one of the peeps were on vacay... so it is DBT Interpersonal effectiveness.... those of you that dont know DBT is Dialectal Behaioral therapy... some koolio stuff.... They switch seats while we are on break to teach us the skilled and unskilled  way of asking for your seat back.... yeah I was pisssssed at first and then I was like whoa really you are fucking with ocd, bpd,etc., not smart not like that some of us have to be in the same spot like every week, wtf? I came to terms that I am not so cold hearted that if the person realizing they are in the  wrong bc why would you sit where someones shit is clearly at.... I mean really???? but like I said i realized it was a lesson early in the skit so kool. Had it been real woould I have grabbed my shit and said fucking really?!  Random: I am listening to the music on my phone's most played list and "governemnt hooker" is on... btw screw my spelling... if you care edit it... LMAO!!!!
TOPSHOP/TOPMAN STUDENT SHOP 20% OFF WITH NUS CARD Hey y'all! It's that time of year again...time for the Topshop/Topman student shop at Trinity Center Leeds. Come in your nicest booties and your snazziest asymmetric coat as the student shop is taking off! Make sure that you arrive in due time as the store is expecting over 20,000 customers that night. Now it's time for the deets; Where: TOPSHOP/TOPMAN - TRINITY LEEDS (Briggate) When:  30th September 6-10pm  Come with NUS cards in hand. i think UCAS cards will also be accepted but i am not entirely sure, i shall have to keep you posted Oh, and most importantly; 20% OFFFFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -Phoebe xoxo
AED5023Elearning_Blog1_Why I chose this blog site I’m the type of person who doesn’t immediately get on board in discovering new things or meeting new friends. Yes, I’m friendly. I’m curious on some things. I’m approachable, I guess. It just takes time for me to reach that comfortable stage. Just like the time when my brother (who happens to be my co-worker-cum-co-partner in the business) told me to use Adobe XD for our prototype sketches as part of revamping one of our apps produced by our business. Well, let’s just say that I almost lost few hairs on that one because I got so frustrated manipulating the Adobe XD app. My brother had to sat down beside me and demonstrated how to navigate it. I still was not able to make use of the app until now, but my mindset was, if I can’t get it the first time then try again the next day. I usually have a good relationship with apps and technology, but I guess there are some things that need extra effort to get to know better and learn how to properly use it. And with the right incentive, I’m pretty sure I’ll be able to master it someday. The same scenario happened with this new assignment from school that was given to the class a week ago. Since the assignment came from an ELearning subject, then it is very aptly that we acquaint ourselves with everything online which includes Blogging. The assignment was quite simple. Open your own blogsite and then start blogging away in an academic or educational way, which means you can’t just write anything and you have to be very careful with your words. What you are writing has to convey meaningful and thoughtful words or statements. As I mentioned before, this was given already one week ago and I have just recently opened my own blogsite at Google Blogger but I haven’t started making one blog….yet. Picture of me typing my first blog with the laptop on my bedroom floor.  So here goes, my first blog will be about why I chose this particular blog site which is the Blogger. Its quite simple actually, it is under Google (trivia: originally, Blogger was developed by Pyra Labs before it was bought by Google in 2003) and it seems very friendly to beginners like me. You just need to sign up and open a new profile account. In your blog site, you can just click “New Blog” and start writing from there. You can also choose various themes that provides the look and appearance of your blogs. As for any writing pieces, putting a title is highly recommended. And if you are publishing online, it is important as well to indicate a URL, colloquially termed as web address. This way, your readers will be able to locate your blog piece. After writing, if you feel you don't want to publish yet, you have the option to save and come back to it later. You can also preview your drafted blog so that you will know what it looks like on a screen. There are probably more features in this blog service platform, however, as I mentioned to you before, this is my first time and I am still learning how to fully utilise this platform for educational purpose. Other blog articles say this is one of the best blog sites to use especially if you just want to write and publish online. If you want the whole Content Management System, you would have to research other blog sites. I will probably do that in the future once I get a hang on blogging first.
Henry VIII HENRY TUDOR Born: 28 June 1491 (Age 18) Occupation: King of England Lives: In lots of palaces all over London Hobbies and Interests: Jousting, hunting, dancing, reading, music, lay-dees Relationship status: It’s complicated What do we know about Henry VIII? Henry VIII is probably one of England’s most famous monarchs (another word for king or queen). When you mention his name, almost anyone can picture a bearded, round-bellied monarch in his feathered hat and finery.  They can probably also tell you that Henry had six wives. Was Henry fat? Henry was a very sporty young man when he became King at the age of 18 in 1509 following the death of his father, Henry VII.  He enjoyed hunting, often wearing out eight horses in one day, and also loved dancing, jousting and wrestling.  He was very tall for a man during the Tudor period.  Historians think he could have been around 6 foot 3. Unfortunately, Henry also had a huge appetite. When he was 44, his horse rolled on him during a jousting tournament, leaving his leg permanently damaged.  He wasn’t able to exercise anymore, but he kept eating, and as a consequence he got very fat.  By the end of his life he weighed about 20 stone and had a 52 inch waist. (That’s about the length of this fish) Did he have six wives? Henry did indeed have six wives.  But not all at the same time.  Even the King of England wasn’t allowed to do that. Introducing...the six wives of Henry VIII! So, what else do we know about Henry? Henry was born in 1491, the second son of Henry VII and Elizabeth of York.  Whilst his older brother Arthur was paraded around as the future heir, Henry lived a much more sheltered life and was a bit of a mummy's boy.  Growing up, Henry had a tutor who taught him languages, maths, music and poetry.  He also had a fool to entertain him when he got bored. DANCE FOOL ! Henry also had a whipping boy.  This was a servant employed purely to be whipped when Henry was naughty, because no one was allowed to hit the little prince. Hands up who wants that job? When Arthur died in 1502, at the age of 15, shortly followed by Elizabeth in 1503, King Henry VII went crazy with grief, while his son, young Prince Henry, was left feeling a tad unloved.  When Henry VIII became king he promptly reversed most of his father's policies and executed his favourite servants.  Daddy issues much? Henry was a very popular prince when he became king, known for his love of dancing and hunting. He also had an eye for the ladies and very quickly got special permission from the Pope to marry his brother's widow, Catherine of Aragon. Henry was obsessed with having a son and heir to succeed him.  When Catherine was only able to produce a daughter, Mary (which of course had nothing to do with Henry, or, y'know, maybe just bad luck), Henry started eyeing up one of Catherine's ladies-in-waiting, Anne Boleyn. (A lady-in-waiting was a bit like a personal assistant - they opened post, looked after the Queen's wardrobe and kept her up to date on all the latest gossip.) Unfortunately for Henry, being a Catholic meant he wasn't really allowed to get divorced. Since the Pope wouldn't let Henry divorce his wife, he threw his toys out the pram and set up his own church instead - the Church of England. Henry is quite famous for having founded the Church of England, but in reality it wasn't until his daughter Elizabeth I came to the throne that the church really began to take off.  All Henry really did was knock down lots of monastries and steal their gold. It was Henry's third wife, Jane Seymour, who finally gave him the son he so badly wanted.  Edward VI was born in 1537 and Jane died from complications following the birth a few days later.  Henry always said that Jane was his favourite because she had given him a son, and he was buried next to her when he died on 28 January 1547 at the age of 55. Henry was also a very clever King.  He was good at maths, knew a lot about astronomy and was very interested in politics.  He was also very cultured - he read widely and kept a library of over 1000 books, as well as playing, and some say composing, music. However, he has also been described as an overgrown child who was prone to tantrums if he didn't get his own way.  This made him very scary as, more often than not, the King's temper tantrums resulted in someone getting their head chopped off. Why is he so famous? Henry was quite a colourful character.  Which is another way of saying he was off his rocker!  He also remembered for his six wives (not many men have that many) and for his role in breaking away from the Catholic church and founding the Church of England.  He was a physically dominant man whose image is instantly recognisable and lots of historians have spent a lot of time studying Henry's reign as King of England. Sound smart! "Henry VIII spent a week blubbering in public when he found out his fifth wife, Catherine Howard, had cheated on him." "Henry VIII executed more people per year than any other king or queen in English history - he had 330 people killed between 1532 and 1540!" "Some of the most important achievements of Henry VIII's reign include: the creation of the Church of England, bigging up the role of Parliament, joining Wales and Ireland with England, the arrival of lots of new and exciting art and literature and building A LOT of castles." Some other fun sources An interesting but fun website dedicated the Henry VIII and the Tudors The BBC history page on Henry VIII has some fun facts, as well as videos and games And finally, what else?
Looking for Podcasts In my absence I have decided now is the time to start looking after myself more. You know, the usual way like eating better and exercising more... Of course, as fate would have it mere days after making this decision to be more active I happened to fall down the stairs resulting in an injured knee. My own fault for trying to navigate the stairs whilst half asleep and not turning on the light! Fortunately the damage is not too severe and I can still perform normal tasks, such as going to work (oh the joy!) but I am going to postpone any serious exercise for a few weeks until my knee is functioning a bit better. So what better way to pas the time than searching for things to listen to when said fitness time rolls around. I want something other than music to listen to, this is where you come in, my lovely readers... Can you please recommend some podcasts that you enjoy, bookish or non book related, I am open to any suggestions. Thanks in advance.
I'm IT! I've been Christmas tagged by Meeshka.  Things I would love to get for Christmas:  1. SNOW. I'm still waiting for the white stuff to arrive. 2. More food. This dieting thing has been on my nerves for quite a while now. 3. My very own toys that I don't have to share, and mom doesn't take away from me. 4. 3 or 4 walks a day instead of just 1.  Things I do not want for Christmas:  1. Green beans in my food. 2. Other dogs or humans laying on MY couch. 3. Brushed with that Furminator thing that removes all my fluffiness.  I tag my friends Kelsey, Poseidon, Turbo, Indy, and Althea.  The Rules: The player of this game starts with "3 things he/she would love to get for Christmas", and then lists "3 things he/she definitely does not want to get for Christmas." Then, he/she tags 5 friends and lists their names. The ones who get tagged need to write on their blogs about their Christmas wishes, as well as state this rule clearly, then tag 5 more victims. And, the one who tags, needs to leave a comment that says, "You've been Christmas tagged!" in their comments and tell them to read your blog.  Happy Holidays!  Hollybollyboo (this is so much fun!)
say hello to a familiar face... guest post by lauren. wednesday, 6 august 2014 Hi there ג€“ remember me? I canג€™t believe itג€™s been 18 months since I was last here! For those of you who are new to Where Are My Knees, my name is Lauren and I was a member of the team for a few months back in 2012/2013. Unfortunately due to other commitments I wasnג€™t able to stick around longer, but I had some great experiences while part of the team and I was thrilled when Gemma got in touch to ask me if I wanted to do a guest post for the girls.  My story is one most people will have heard in some form or another ג€“ I lost 100lbs on Weight Watchers over the course of two and a half years while I was at university. After graduating and starting full time work the weight started to creep back on slowlyג€¦a year after I graduated I fell in love with a wonderful man and suddenly the weight wasnג€™t creeping on so much as piling on ג€“ a result of too many meals out and too many nights on the sofa with ice cream and sweets! At my heaviest, I weighed 19st 11.5lbs ג€“ a number that will be ingrained in my memory for the rest of my life. At my lightest, I weighed 12st 9.5lbs. I was within the healthy weight bracket for my height (5ג€™11) but still around 7-10lbs heavier than I wanted to be. As of this April, when I re-joined Weight Watchers and really re-committed myself to losing the weight again, I weighed 16st 5lbs. At first I was mortified that I had allowed myself to regain so much of the weight that I worked so hard to lose, but Iג€™ve come to accept that this is just one stage in my journey. The truth is I will struggle with my weight for the rest of my life, and that is just something that Iג€™m going to have to accept and learn to live with. What matters is that I re-dedicated myself to losing weight and living healthily, and in the last 14 weeks Iג€™ve lost just over 15lbs. Not a miraculous weight loss by any stretch of the imagination, but itג€™s been consistent and Iג€™m actually enjoying being back on track. So, what changed? Well first of all Iג€™m very lucky to have the support of my wonderful boyfriend. We recently made the decision to move in together, and weג€™re currently living in his lovely little house in a small town in Lincolnshire. Itג€™s a far cry from the hustle and bustle of the busy commuter town in Essex I grew up in, but Iג€™m loving being surrounded by gorgeous countryside and will soon be starting a brand new job about two miles from our home. Moving in with my boyfriend and out of the family home has had a huge impact on my weight loss because I have been able to take control of what food is in the house. Living with my mum, stepdad and brother was always problematic for me weight loss wise. Not only were the cupboards full of sweets, crisps and chocolate but my mum is an excellent cook and is not a fan of weighing or measuring ג€“ so while I knew that my meals were made from lovely fresh ingredients I never had any idea of how much was on my plate. Since moving in with Pete I have almost completely taken over shopping and cooking (even though heג€™s a better cook than I am!) and having this control has really helped keep me on track. Probably the most important thing that happened was that I was finally honest with myself about how I felt about my body. Because Iג€™m tall I can get away with carrying more weight, and even at just over 16st I was only wearing a size 16. I spent a long time trying to convince myself that my weight didnג€™t matter and I was happy with how I looked. I have a boyfriend that loves me no matter what size jeans Iג€™m wearing, and it wasnג€™t like Iג€™d regained all the weight after allג€¦maybe this was just the size I was meant to be. I was wrong though, and I had to realise that and break the cycle of denial before I could really get re-focussed on losing weight. If I hadnג€™t, I have no doubt that I would have ended up back where I started in 2010. As I said previously, mine is a story that most people will be familiar with. Almost everybody knows somebody who lost a significant amount of weight and then re-gained some or all of it. Gemma herself has spoken about her struggles with maintaining her weight loss and there are plenty more people out there in the same boat. If youג€™ve found yourself in this position, or even if youג€™re new to the weight loss game, I would advise you to above all else be honest with yourself. I spent two years pre-Weight Watchers telling myself that I didnג€™t care about being the fat friend, but it was a lie. It sounds shallow, but I was at my happiest in myself when I was at my slimmest. I was brimming with confidence, I smiled more, I laughed freely, I made friends easily. Over the past couple of years as the weight has crept back on Iג€™ve found myself making excuses not to go out, shying away from the colourful and fun fashions I used to love, and generally withdrawing more and more. Being honest with myself about what the weight was doing to my happiness was the best thing I could have done, and Iג€™m now looking forward to shedding even more pounds and re-embracing the slim, happy, confident girl I was a couple of years ago. If youג€™d like to keep up with my weight loss journey and see a little more of what Iג€™m up to now Iג€™m living in the Lincs countryside then please stop by my new blog Life In Lincs, or say hello on Twitter or Instagram. Iג€™d love to hear from you :) 
WILL WOMEN BE EQUAL TO MEN IN 100 YEARS? - THE OPINION OF A TEENAGE GIRL  Yesterday the Guardian published an article entitled 'Will women be equal to men in 100 years? The panel verdict' in honour of the centenary anniversary of the Representation of the People Act which marked the start of female suffrage in the UK. The article collates the opinion of 5 women on the possibility of total gender equality by 2118. It addresses a range of issues including the necessity of free childcare in order to ensure equality and the possibility of a rise in "working class feminism".  The article stood out to me as it considers the possible future of gender equality from the perspective of several women, however, it does not put forward the opinion of a young girl. It is up to my generation to dismantle systematic inequalities and eradicate sexism from daily interactions, I have observed first hand the realities of sexism in my generation and I can see that full gender equality will not be possible in the next 100 years.  Whilst it is undeniable that significant strides in gender equality have been made in the past few years this progress is undercut by the continual presence of the female body as a marketable and controlled product.  Don't get me wrong, I have been delighted to see the emergence of fourth wave feminism and to see the rise of the gender equality movements such as #metoo. However, we cannot become complacent because we have a long way to go.  Any claims that gender equality has been, or is close to being, reached are false and this is evidenced by the rise of Instagram body types, the election of Trump and the appearance of the female body as the main mode of capitalist advertisement.  Young girls are plagued with an unattainable body image from a young age and this is perpetuated through the media and increasingly through social media. It is inescapable and I see it every day. There are countless numbers of girls on Instagram who have thousands of followers simply for having the 'ideal' body type. Whilst I encourage the celebration of the female body the extent of this is beyond unhealthy and becomes a constant template of comparison for young girls.  What makes this so much worse is that these models often advertise ways to get this 'ideal body' which includes products such as 'FitTea' and waist trainers. These products have actually been proven to be bad for your body with FitTea simply acting as a laxative and waist trainers altering the shape of your internal organs. One of the most famous of these Instagram models is Alexis Ren who has almost 12 million followers. Alexis has admitted to having an eating disorder, whilst there is no shame in this, she is hailed as an example of health and beauty and girls compare their bodies to hers in a self-degrading way. This kind of sexism is achieved through the control of women's bodies and it is so embedded in our society that girls self-police. They choose to follow these women and compare themselves, this is something I am guilty of and it is almost inescapable.  The above image was created by the clothing company 'Suistudio' and offers a commentary on how advertising uses women's bodies as selling points by reversing the typical gender roles. The image may seem unnecessarily derogatory to the male model but it is shockingly accurate. Upon searching the term 'perfume ad' into google the two images below were some of the first results that popped up. These images are strikingly similar to the above picture. Women's bodies have become cogs in the capitalist marketing machine and this has embedded sexism so deeply in our society that men and women alike are conditioned to consider female appearance as their most important characteristic above all else.  Until this is tackled true gender equality cannot ever be achieved as women will be unable to move beyond this sexualised image and any gender equality achievements will simply be one step forward and two steps back  Laurie Penny expressed the expected role of women in this society in her fantastic book 'Meat Market' where she writes, "Women are commanded to always look available but never actually be so, where, we are obliged to appear socially and sexually consumable whilst consuming as little as possible".  The election of Trump, an accused sexual abuser who admitted to using women's bodies however he pleased in his famous quote "grab them by the pussy", is perhaps the greatest evidence that gender equality is nowhere near being eradicated. The president of America is often described as being 'the most important person in the world'. When 'the most important person in the world' perpetuates and encourages sexist and abusive behaviour it validates a continuance of gender inequality which will take generations to remedy.  Please don't even present the argument that the UK is closer to gender equality just because we currently have a female prime minister. Firstly Theresa May is a right-wing white woman and, secondly, she is far from being a champion of women's rights. As Home Secretary, she oversaw the running of Yarl's Wood detention centre, a detention centre for immigrants and asylum seekers, where female detainees experienced physical, sexual and verbal abuse of which May did nothing to remedy. She is just another Conservative agent. The Western world is no shining beacon of gender equality.  As Polly Toynbee aptly phrased it, "never underestimate the size of the task to reverse all history since time began." My generation has begun the reversal of gender inequality but we simultaneously encourage it. The task of gender equality is  humungous and will not be complete by 2118.
WEEKLY WEIGH IN! This week has been an eye opener and a fantastic week on plan! I'm currently sat on the sofa, in my onesie watching Family Guy on ITV2 whilst writing this blog to say how proud I am with myself! Before going on my holiday, I was disappointed with my 1.5lb loss as I had gone under my target range. I had followed the plan and my consultant told to increase my healthy extra b to support and maintain my weight. (Unfortunately this didn't work!) Many people have said that I should enjoy myself more and have a takeaway or a big slice of cake! In reality I couldn't, because mentally I was worried about having a gallstone attack if I had a little treat. I haven't had an attack for over a month and I'm due for surgery soon to have my gallbladder removed. I thought why not have a treat on holiday and worry later if I had an attack. Coming home I was straight back onto plan and enjoyed plenty of speed and free food. After my weekly weigh in this week I gained 2.5lb which put me back into my target. Now people were a little confused when I was smiling for putting on but once I told them my situation they sympathised and asked how my week had been. Since coming back off holiday, I have stuck to plan and decreased my healthy extra b back to one to help lose my holiday weight. It was successful! I am now facing the difficult choice of increasing my healthy extra b back up to two as I'm back at target and want to maintain my weight. (Are you at target, if so what do you do?) I hope you've all had a great week this week and are focusing on the week ahead. I know I am! Hayley xxx
Happiness vs. 'fatness' - Fat? Weighing in now at 12 Stone 12lbs, I have to ask myself the question:  'Am I still fat'? At what point do I become not fat? Is it when I reach a healthy BMI? Is it when I reach my goal weight or even is it when society deems me to be not fat? The real answer is ME.  I get to decide whether I'm fat or not and let me tell you I am not fat. Fat is an ugly word for me. It only serves the small minded people to make themselves feel better about themselves. I do think happiness is as intangible to decide as fatness but it's something I'm much happier to chase down. Happiness is looking in the mirror and thinking I am a person... no matter my size, shape, weight, looks or lifestyle. Happiness should be accepting yourself as you are. I think, as people who follow healthy lives and every day strive to do what is best for our bodies, we should ban the term 'Fat' from our vocabulary. The only terminology we should accept when referring to ourselves should be words such as: 'Healthy', 'Active', 'Positive' and 'Beautiful' etc. A positive attitude can only encourage Happiness. I personally will continue to strive to reach my goal weight and I will do it by Christmas 2012 but I will never forget what my friend once told me: ' ...while I liked Emily at 13+st and I shall like her just as much at 11...'   My Fab friend and I being awesome! Meaning no matter my size she thinks I'm pretty great, just as I do :D  Emily xxx
From Bitches to Bitches... I spent most of the day on a drip today, dehydration, vomitting and gastric.  They had said on the 28th of April that everything was back on again, and boy has it been. The chemical taste again has been nearly most of the time. To the stage I have spent a couple of days just laying near the door of the van, certainly sounds and feels familiar again. The night before last they said "Now you know what we do to bitches". Bitches? they really don't seem to tire of words. Hope they've got a few as or rather more fitting for themselves. Stay away from Melb. Cup Day mate. They are absolutely 100% sure of what I mean. Hi gangstalkers. But what they did yesterday it was was totally unbelievable, as I was driving to the toilet block, someone said "I'm waiting to knock your head off." I got half way across the drive and all I saw was white, I couldn't see anything else at all, just a very vague outline of the top of some of the trees, but absolutely nothing else, like a gigantic flash had gone off and blocked every single thing off from view. There was nothing just this blazing white for quite some time, it knocked me flying for a long time, then naturally the next time my car wouldn't start when I tried it. This happened before over West, I was semi bush, in my car on the way to go out, I saw a blinding flash come from the roof of the house right at and hit the car, they said at the same time, the next one's for you. It immediately stopped my car which was going, on the spot. It wouldn't turn over at all. Besides scaring the daylights out of me. I ran straight back into the shed, for about an hour, and next time I tried it, it turned straight on. So looks like they're back on with the car harassment also.
Fitness Friday #1 First off...the weight ...... . ... ..... ... . :::Drum roll please::: . ... ..... ... . 197! w00t! :) Starting weight: 200 (6/01/10) Current weight: 197 Goal weight: 140 Last week's Goals were: 1.I have already run 2 X's this week...I will run once more. Did it! Did it! My legs are finally remembering how to run :) I did however have to have a pep talk with myself this morning before getting out of my nice, warm, cozy bed! I even had to gt up before the baby did if I wanted to get out there before the Florida summer sun made it too hot to go out. 2.I will drink at least 64oz of water daily. I *think* I did this...but..... 3.I will log EVERYTHING I eat onto my food diary (even the chocolate ice cream I ate today!) WHAM...didn't do this one :( I forgot/put off/neglected logging - which is why I'm not sure I made goal #2 or not...but I think I did. I know, I know...that's not as good as KNOWING I did...sheesh...get offa my back already! ;) 4.I will weigh myself again on Friday and report back here. Did that one...see above :) 5.I will call this "Fitness Friday." HA HA...see the title? Yep...that was an easy one! lol  OK so that was only a 1/2 week. This week is the REAL thing! No more cheater goals like numbers 4 and 5 up there...those were easy ones lol :) So, without further ado...  This week's goals:  Log my food into my food diary. I need to do this for myself to see if there are any patterns (yes, I'm a nerd like that) to be sure that I'm not only cutting my cals but to make sure that I am eating healthy foods for my body.  Run 3 X's this week (C25K week 3) and walk after dinner as often as possible. The hard part of running this week will be that I have to take the baby with me each time this week. She loves the rides and I love every minute with her...but if I'm honest with myself (and you), I don't like running with the stroller. I don't like not being able to use my arms to run. I didn't quantify how many walks because lately, it's been raining every night so it isn't possible to load up the baby and walk. If the weather permits, I will be going for a walk! Drink 64oz of water a day. Hopefully I will KNOW I did this one because I will have done #1 :) They look pretty similar to last week's huh? Yeah, I know. But I want to accomplish them and make them a habit...then I'll add some more to them! :) After all, ...watch your actions, they become your habits... Here's to having healthy habits!
Running Without a Purpose Running without a purpose is what I'm pretty much doing right now. I find it odd that I feel that way, but I've been training for a race since December of last year (until the half a few weeks ago), so it feels like my running has no purpose. When I sit and think about that, it almost sounds depressing, but I actually look at it as a challenge. I've used races and schedules to keep me focused on my workouts for well over a year now. It's time to use myself to stay focused. I think it's going to be an interesting journey...  I was on business travel for the past week in Denver and I managed to get in a few workouts. The first day, I did 20 minutes on the elliptical and I could definitely feel the difference in oxygen level. I did 20-30 minutes of strength as well with the resistance band I brought with me. On Wednesday, I jogged for 25 minutes on the treadmill and I was pretty impressed with how easy it felt. Either I was used to the elevation already or it just didn't affect me too much. I finished out the week with more strength training. Workouts on the road are tough because there isn't much time. I managed to get in cardio twice and a full body of strength throughout the week though.  Today was a run around town, which felt great! I did 4 or so miles. It's a beautiful fall day in New England so it was quite nice. Will most likely run some more tomorrow and get in some yoga... it's time to get back to what I thought was going to turn into a weekly yoga habit. Must do it for real this time!!!  Hope everyone is having a wonderfully healthy weekend!
Goodbye points! I'm finished with weight watchers. It was great, I lost 42kgs, and have kept it off. However, I need to move on. It's a part of my life that I'm done with. I don't want to count points all my life.  As of now, I'm on a healthy eating plan, with lots of exercise and weight training, and am going to maintain my weight that way. So, this blog won't be updated much anymore as I need to distance myself.  Good luck to all of you on Weight Watchers, it's a great start for all who are trying to lose weight and gain healthy eating knowledge.  And a big thank you to all the lovely people who read this blog and the comments you've left for me.
9th November, 2006 And its back. I’m hoping to update it every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday night. And for now, I’m getting stuff from back to the 4th of November. STATE NEWS Victoria- Coaching Job at Yarra Yarra RC New South Wales- North Shore Regatta - Sponsor Request (PDF) -2007 Australian Youth Olympic Festival NSW Shadow Squad (PDF) - NSW Rowing Newsletter for November Queensland- QAS and the AIS are looking for girls, aged 18-20, taller than 173cm and weighing more than 65kgs with an arm span of 175cm to win medals at the 2008 U23 Rowing World Championships- and they don’t even have to be rowers. Look at the brochure here  South Australia- Walford “Round the Island” Draft Program -Scotch College Regatta Results AUSTRALIAN NEWS Rowing Australia- Australian Coach Adrian David was a finalist for the FISA Coach of the Year award here Rowing Press- here Media- Mike McKay is in the Mark Webber Challenge Old rivalry has teams pushing even harder (Tasmania Examiner)
The Food Angels are Waiting for You What do you think of the food pictured above? Beautiful, glorious and nutritious or... Boring, rabbit food? Still trying to fill that emptiness inside with food? How about calling on the food angels to help you? If this was the last day of your life would you spend it eating crisps? No one has a plan to get fat and unhealthy but once they are they prefer to eat a mountain of chocolate than the elephant they perceive they have to get clear of their demons. Try this: Ask for help - today I am labelling them the food angels but God, higher spirit, universe, nature's bounty, the other, any label will do. Let go of control - trust the universe, connect with that 7 year old child inside of you and just ask for help. Not a plan. Not how. Not when. Just help.  Take deep breaths in and out and release your need to hold on to everything - including the fat. Just ask for help.  Call it a prayer, a rant or whatever you choose. There are 3 stages to conquering this.  The first is recognizing where you are.  You don't have to beat yourself up but you do need to accept that you are in a place you don't want to be and you are the one who got you there. If you don't take responsibility for how it is you won't have the belief that you can change it. So you are where you are because of decisions you made and actions or inactions you took. Daily actions that add up. Small actions that bit by bit destroy your radiancy and vigor. Just accept... do not judge. Accept and then ask for help. Sincere acceptance and sincere wish for growth and freedom. Try it... you will then feel ready and relaxed for stage 2...
Self-promotion - and a bit of life... I'd like today to give you folks an excerpt from my forthcoming book, "THINK SLIM - 52 steps to losing weight and feeling great! (...The no-diet weight-loss revolution!)" (hopefully out by the beginning of 2010, website too). Before you sigh (because you have no need to lose those pounds) or you're a bloke and think this kind of thing is purely for women, do me a favour and read on! I don't do things conventionally - most entrepreneurial-minded people don't...you may - no, WILL! - be surprised. Anyway, THIS is what I am getting up a 5am for every day...for those with goals, remember that "Your Actions are your Goals and Your Goals are your Actions" (note I'm trademarking that one!) Here we go: You have only one life. Sounds clichéd, doesn’t it? But we forget, in our Western world of abundance, that many people who share our universe don’t have life. They don’t have life expectancy, they don’t have quality of life, they don’t have the basics to live a life of dignity or even to survive. Here we are, fretting about physical confidence, body weight, fitness... while some people don’t have the luxury of worrying about their physical confidence! It’s barely enough for them to get through the day alive with a belly full. Others spend their so-called lives suffering horrendous physical and emotional restrictions. Their only aspiration would be to be free from pain or suffering, let alone to lose weight! And, what to tell the mother whose children are slowly starving to death? Shouldn’t we be rather ashamed that our material excesses have brought us to this excess of paranoia?  In this context, worrying about one’s physical appearance is totally trite, when in this world there are those who have real cause for anxiety: not being able to see fully, move fully, speak fully, or being fully healthy; or the life and death of their loved ones. Some people are just grateful to have life at all. Others are put through such horrendous emotional suffering by losing loved-ones or seeing loved-ones suffer. We all know of people becoming painfully thin after bereavement. Who’d envy them their body shape now?  So why am I writing this book, you may ask? Well, partly because this irony hasn’t escaped me, and I’d like to show that there’s a healthier and more balanced way of approaching the problem of overweight and obesity in the West today. And because I understand that the more happy and balanced we are as individuals -the more liberated of insecurity and self-obsession we are - the freer we are as a society to look outside our little world and help others.   This book simply puts forward techniques you can use to help yourself to make the most of yourself physically, and thereby increase your self-confidence – hopefully boosting your mood and general happiness at the same time! But, there should be a warning attached to any book which promises that weight reduction will automatically guarantee happiness. I am sure that we have all realised by now that thinness does not equal happiness, and richness doesn’t equal happiness either, and if you don’t believe me just take a look at some of the super-rich and super-thin celebrities out there who despite having the trappings of an ‘enviable’ life appear to be suffering from a lack of the basics which truly do make for a happy life: a harmonious family, close friends who love you for what you are, a peaceful life without interference, the ability to get on and make decisions without being constantly judged – and that's just for starters! Now, that’s not to say that this is the case with every rich and thin celebrity, as there are some very well-balanced famous people out there (and I take my hat off to them!) – however, it cannot be denied that some celebrities renowned for their wealth and physical beauty still find it necessary to resort to drugs and drink: not the behaviour of someone who’s balanced and content.  We all need to take a few moments out of our busy schedule each day to reflect on how our limited perspectives on life can be so restrictive, misery-making – and, indeed, dangerous. Why, just this week I read about a bride-to-be who died of heart failure: after being on a restrictive diet of under 600 calories a day to lose weight for her wedding. That’s a real lesson in perspective.   So, just get on and LIVE LIFE and appreciate what you have got and what gives richness to your life, rather than what you haven’t got! Instead of feeling that you can never measure up, remember that other people have their own problems too, and that’s everyone, rich or poor, skinny or not so skinny (why do you think papers sell well when they dissect the life problems of celebrities, reminding ordinary people that they’re not so different to us after all?) Until you are happy in yourself and with your own life, then losing weight will never make a difference. You’ll just be a miserable thin person instead of a miserable plumper person!   If you exude happiness from every pore and sing along to your everyday tasks, you will find you don’t need that chocolate fix anymore, and along the way you’ll find that you become as fit as you’ve ever wanted to! Sing along to the washing-up, whistle to work, chat happily to your friends and neighbours, and live life with enthusiasm: you’ll be so busy being active you’ll find you don’t need that glass or wine, choc bar or cookie to perk you up. Just being busy you can burn up energy to become fitter too! Why don’t you imagine yourself, right now, being the happy, confident and energetic person we all have the potential to be? If your problems seem too great, remember that they’re nothing compared to the mother whose young and only son is dying from a rare form of juvenile cancer (and that’s another true story, and someone I know). You can picture yourself and your good fortune every day in your mind, and if you find this hard just try picturing yourself living in Afghanistan or Gaza or any of the world’s other trouble spots instead – and you’ll realise just how much you DO have. We in the Western world are overcome with bounty and opportunity: why would you need a chocolate bar on top of all that to make you cheerful? (Note! Slimy sticky and oily calories do NOT make us cheerful, happier, or blow our problems out the window. All they do is increase the size of our problems – by increasing the size of our hips and thighs and tummies, and clogging our brains and our ability to feel happy and carefree, as well as clogging our arteries at the same time!) Key Points to Remember:  Live with a sense of perspective. Our problems are minute compared to those of many. Instead of dwelling on your worries and bad fortune, be aware of your good fortune every day, give thanks for it and be grateful. Vow to give back to the world the happiness and joy it has given you – whenever and however that may have been, and even if you don’t quite feel it now. Remember that appearance is important superficially, but self-esteem is deeper. Being thin or being rich will never make anyone happy if that’s all you aim for in life. Stop to smell the roses and remember you are healthy and wealthy already in so many ways. As a general rule, Happy people are slimmer, but slimmer people are not necessarily happier! So be happy: and you’ll be slimmer on it! END OF EXCERPT P.S. On the subject of perspective, here's a girl I went to school with. Actually, watch this one too: check out the video, especially: WATCH IT! Your problems will fade into irrelevance, I guarantee you... and you'll also realise that YOU have so much potential to realise: which no doubt you may not be fully exploiting...so, what are you waiting for?!
Dorothy Perkins A/W 11 - The best bits This autumn see's the arrival of a collection that compliments all shapes and figures. Popular to the fuller, more curvy female figure, dresses are nipped in at the top of waists to draw attention to the slimmest area on the body, and then allowed to freely flow out underneath into a structured a line shape, conveniently hiding that festive belly. Horray we can all enjoy a glass of mulled wine (or few) without worry! Pieces are neat, stream lined, structured and sharp to the eye. Flashes of bold colour, most popularly bright berry shades, are blended down with neutrals. Animal prints are also BIG and can be added to an outfit in accessories to add a touch of character and glamour. Xx         
NATURAL kILLERS. I have been vomitting now for 3 days, either if I try and eat, or even drink. Going back about a week ago she had said "Next I take your dog away from you, and your not walking him." I have not been able to for the last couple of days the poor bugger. I feel incredibly weak and am going to go to hospital, I want these disgusting fucks put away. Only word to describe them. My head has felt like it has been burnt lately, slashed, and nearly gives you a heart attack or stroke. Can you believe they said "We want it to look natural".
Prom Night  So last Friday night, I had my Prom. It was honestly a fantastic night and I would love so much to do it all over again! It was sad realizing that this would be the last time everybody from my school would all find ourselves together seeing as we are starting different colleges this September. But all the same, we had to leave at some point, and this was a great way of saying goodbye to our Secondary School years! I thought I would show you guys a few pictures from the night, hope you enjoy!  After about four months of frantically going up and down the country looking for that perfect dress (literally, i went to Manchester, Bolton, Bournemouth, Portsmouth, Oxford, London...) i decided to look online. My friend told me about a website called Dresses Ok and i automatically found the dress of my dreams! I have to say that i had been trying to avoid buying offline as there's always the risk someone may have ordered your dress and you have no way of knowing or that it may not come in time! However i'm so glad i did, it needed a few readjustments but after that it fitted amazingly! (make sure you fill in the order forms super carefullly!) As for nails, hair and makeup.... My makeup was done by my beautiful and talented best friend Shannon, to see her blog click here. You can also watch a video of my makeup being done by shannon along with a few of our other friends here on her vlog channel. I bought some fake acrylic nails from Boots for around £5. All you had to do was glue them on and i loved having long nails for once! Me and my mumma did my hair. Its very simply straightened and pulled back into a bun and held in place by hair grips. Then a few side bits were pulled down and curled for a messier effect. hope everyone had a magical Prom night too! Love H
10 Reasons Why I Love Performers 1. Everyone is always ready and willing to burst into song, with harmonies, and potentially a fully choreographed dance number to top it all off. 2. Performers have very little need for personal space. This means constant cuddles, hugs, massages, ass-slaps and much much more. When performers are comfortable with each other, they are REALLY comfortable with each other. 3. What looks insane to non-performers is an absolute hoot for us. Example 1: 23 students dancing the tango with chairs as our partners. To us = most fun ever in a drama class. To others = clincically insane people with bizarre attatchments to inanimate objects in need of serious help. 4. Performers make the best audience. If you have performer friends coming to see you in a show, you can be guaranteed cat-calls, cheers, very loud laughter, very dramatic tears and perhaps a standing ovation if you're lucky. 5. Everyone's allowed their quirks amoung performers. Seeing as we're all pretty damn quirky, you would be quite hypocritical to not tolerate someone elses quirks. So we all pool our quirks together to make super-group-crazy-quirky-funness. If that makes sense. 6. We're all fairly dramatic - this may seem like a downside in many ways, but in many other ways it's brilliant, because you know what? It means we're not afraid to show our feelings. Something excites us, we will scream, jump around, and carry on. Something bad happens and we let it all out. 7. We trust each other. This could just be a performers-that-you-have-worked-closely-with kind of thing but it's absolutely amazing when you wholeheartedly trust the people you are performing with. When you practically work as one because you know each other so well, and support each other's choices. 8. I can shout out random musical theatre news and generally someone will react.  9. We're linked by the fact that we all suffer the same pitfalls, emotional walls and insane highs. There's no way any true performer can avoid these, and so in experiencing them we are all connected in that way, 10. Performers are just a hell of a lot of fun. A night out with performers is one that will be filled with unexpected, spontaneous and often hilarious things. I never forget a night with my performing friends.
Time for change Hey everyone, I have some news. It's actually huge news and I'm nervous as hell.  Until recently I've been back and fourth in my mind with this decision. And I feel like I need to vent. So two days ago I reached out to a gender therapist and scheduled an appointment.  I'm terrified! I'm terrified that they will confirm my suspicions that I'm transgendered. I'm also terrified equally that they will tell me I'm not trans. Does that make any sense.  I have been suppressing these feeling for so long I feel like it's almost normal to feel numb. But talking to some people in my life from this community and my friend here at home has given me a new sense of reality. I've  been fantasizing in my mind at the idea of just being myself. Just allowing myself to be me, whoever that may be..  I have concerns about my daughter. I have a little girl who is seven. She and I are super close. And I'm scared for what this will mean for her and I and our future. It also concerns me that I'm 34 and not a small petite man. The testosterone has been doing its thing for far too long.   I actually thought of self medicating years ago just to get that feeling of being someone else. The feeling of medamorphasis that lots of the girls describe. But it's so dangerous to self medicate and there is far too much to lose and leave behind. Besides, if I'm gonna start on hormones, I think it will be obvious to most people that I would be changing and the question goes to, why not just come out and do it right. But I'm not sure I am trans.. Although I'm pretty sure I am.  I'm not suicidal, nor do I feel depressed. I just feel empty. Like my time as who I am now has run it course and there no more I could do. Other times I feel like I'm living a lie and I am trying too hard to be who I'm not. Other times I feel like I'm exactly who I'm supposed to be. But it always fades.   So I want to start using this blog while I'm going through my self exploration to discuss gender issues. I want to get your insight on different topics. I know many of my friends in this wonderful community who have transitioned and they are brave and strong for doing it. They have endless advice to give and I'm willing to take it all to the bank.  My friend Danielle asked me the other day to name three things I love and cherish in my life. Naturally, I said my daughter, my new found health and my family/friends.  She paused as she teared up with a half cocked grin. Her words were never more pure and true.  She said, "You never mentioned yourself. You never put yourself, your actual self on the list. It's okay to self love as long as you truly see yourself and feel good."   She was right, not that I mind putting everyone in my life first but it's okay to put ourselves at the top of the list.  So in the most purest of ways, I feel like I'm doing that by making this appointment.  So I want to thank Dee and Dawn for everything. They have been great friends. I've never felt such a connection to people I've never met before in person. But if you could use people like them to describe our community and how we take care of each other, it would paint a perfect picture.  And I will still make captions but I really want to start using this blog for more. I want to discuss these topics and so much more.  Thank you everyone, and as always I hope you're all healthy and happy.  Feel free to comment your thoughts. And I'll join in the discussion.  xoxoxo Katie Mills
October favesssss ❤️ Hi beautiful peopleeeeeee :D  Hope you're all fine and dandy at the start of this lovely November! (BEST MONTH OF THE YEAR BTW :D) So, I've been contemplating, since I decided to restart my blogging, on what I'd like my first piece to be. I thought of everything from my new healthy eating plans (which have been plans for years now btw hahaha) to taking the easy route and uploading some of my poetry/ fiction. (cos I'm lazy like that eek) So then it occurred to me, what better way to start by doing a favourites from the previous month as my debut?! Can't talk about anything better than something I actually adore, so why not?? I've limited myself to picking 5 things and surprise surprise they're all make up lool!! This wasn't intentional btw, I genuinely couldn't think of anything I've brought this month that wasn't make up and considered a 'fave'. Anyway guys, if you do like this post then I shall definitely be making this a monthly thing at the start of each month so please leave comments etc below to let me know what ya'll think!!  As for now though, read on and find out my faves this October.. 1. BENEFIT HOOLA BRONZER RRP £23.50 I actually spotted this bronzer first on my beautiful friend Masumahs face and was drawn in by the matte and tan like radiance it gave off. Unlike many other bronzers out there, Hoola has a none shine or shimmer look, which instantly gives you that glowy holiday look without making you look glitter ridden as if you're about to go to a party at 8 am lol. I'd been looking for a nice bronzer for a while but aforementioned, I wasn't a fan of all the glitter malarky, thus, it was a definite must have. Also, the longerity is brilliant. Stays on pretty much all day with no touch ups required!!  2. MAC RETRO MATTE RELENTLESSLY RED RRP £15.00 What can I say about this stunning lipstick?! Absolutely love the pinkish/ reddy colour. Just beaut. Despite my growing Mac lipstick collection, I've never owned any Mac reds so this was a first. However, spotted this in duty free just before jetting off on holiday early October and simply just had to buy lol. The matte texture glides on quite creamy but dries beautifully matte. Thankfully my lips don't dry out very quickly but if yours do, just coat with some Vaseline or any other clear lip balm.   3. BOBBI BROWN BB CREAM SPF 35 RRP £29.00 Again, this was also purchased in duty free in a bit of a rush as I'd remembered last minute that I'd forgotten my tinted moisturiser. (btw I didn't even USE this product on holiday because it was too hot for make up lol) Like many BB creams, it moisturises your skin very well, leaving your face feeling nourished (if that's even a possible way to describe it haha) and revitalised. I've always been a fan of the matte look but after this I'm loving having a dewy and fresh finish. Also less is more, as they say! What my favourite thing with this was the actual colour. It was a pretty perfect match for my skin considering it was only a BB cream with 3 shades lol. (I bought medium btw)  4. MAC PAINT POT: PAINTERLY RRP £15.00 This little beautiful pot was gifted to me from my darling sister, and boy was I excited to use it. I'd been meaning to buy a nude eye shadow for a while so this was just a perfect present to me. I'd never tried any of these paint pots so was overwhelmed after my first use! It brushes on lovely and creamy, then dries to leave a lovely matte looking shadow. I've noticed it doesn't need any primer beforehand which is great for me because I get annoyed applicating primer and waiting for it to dry lol. Impatient Nasima. This also means that it can work as a good primer/ base for other eyeshadows before application. Haven't tried it as a base but will you know how it turns out!! Anywho, can't wait to get my hands on more of these little paint pots in other colours. They're exquisite!! 5. BENEFIT BAD GAL RRP £18.50 (including a travel sized bottle) Call me a cheat but this is something I've used before and actually swear by!! The reason I've included it is because I stocked up on a new bottle after making the mistake of trying something new. Lol. I tried Benefits other best seller 'They're Real' but it just wasn't for me. On the other hand, this beautiful wand is just magic on my lashes!! After a coat of this I actually look like I have eyelashes for once haha. (sad life of a short lashed girl :( weh) The brush is quite big, catching those little lashes for you and coating them bold and beautiful. Also, the brush instantly volumises your lashes after a coat, making them look long and thicker too!! The mascara can be purchased on its own at £17.50 in a waterproof version too, however mine was the price above as I purchased it with a travel sized mini for on the go.  :D :D :D  AND THERE WE HAVE IT GUYS, MY FIRST ACTUAL POST WOOOOOOP!!!! A round of applause please, ahem, thank you thank you!! Lol.  Do comment away on what you think of these products yourself and feedback on my review too! Would love to hear from you! Hope this was helpful to you all and you enjoyed reading it as I sure loved writing away!! Till next time my lovelies,  Smoochiesssss ��  Bee ox
A Guide to Weight Loss For most of the people, especially those living in the developed countries, weight loss is a constant battle. There are innumerable products, diets, machines, and pills available in the market that claim to help people in their loss in weight goals. For many people, the excess weight wont budge, and for others, they lose it, but it is difficult for them to keep it off for long. Few Useful Weight Loss Tips Initiating the process to lose weight  is one of the toughest parts of the entire process. To start with, set a realistic and achievable goal, and make a contract. Give it a look and feel of an agreement, and stick it where you are most likely to see it everyday. Select the workout routine that you are most likely to follow on a regular basis. Some people like to jog, while others prefer brisk walk. Few like to workout alone, while other prefer a group activity such as aerobics or yoga. It has been observed that it is easier to stick to weight loss regime and goal if you have a friend along. The workout buddy need not be someone who needs to lose weight, but must be able to understand the importance of physical workout for you. For loss in weight, avoid eating oily foods and control your diet by eating smaller portions. One simple method to reduce weight is to wakeup early in the morning, and drink a glass of water mixed with one tsp of honey and juice of half lemon. Then, go for a short walk, just about a mile. Daily exercise is not the easiest thing to do, but is a must to lose weight. Choose any form of exercise that you enjoy, and stick to it. If you doubt your persistence, go for the trainer who would be able to guide and suggest you. During weight loss program, make it a habit to go for a slow walk after every meal. Avoid going straight to bed, especially after lunch. For optimum loss of weight, eat minimum five servings of fruits and vegetable each day, as they are filled with vitamins, fibers and antioxidants. They easily fill up the stomach, and you tend to feel fuller for longer time. Most people make a common mistake of skipping meals during weight loss. Eating well-balanced, small and frequent meals help balance the calorie intake during the entire day, and maintain the optimum blood sugar level. During reduce weight routine, the recommended intake of dairy is three servings per day, and at least three servings of whole grains. These items can be easily included in the breakfast. Choose low-fat yogurt and milk, as these are rich sources of calcium, protein and potassium. When on a weight loss diet, don't be overly restrictive, try to understand the labels and claims, avoid sugary drinks, and maintain a food journal.
Vegan Lasagna I recently watched the documentary (again...) Forks Over Knives, and have been trying out new recipes. Here is one I got from the Engine 2 Diet. I changed it a bit, mostly because I don't eat soy. This recipe is vegan, gluten-free, oil-free, and soy-free. I know that may sound scary, but trust me, it's delicious!  Ingredients: - 1 onion, chopped - 1 clove minced garlic (or more if you want!) - 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced - 1 head broccoli, chopped - 2 carrots, chopped - 2 red bell peppers, seeded and chopped (I just pick out whichever is the least expensive of the bell peppers) - 1 1/2 cups of frozen corn - 2 15 oz. cans cannellini beans, black beans, or any bean of your choice (if using dried, 3 cups cooked) OR one block of firm tofu - 1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper - 1 tsp. oregano - 1 tsp. basil - 1 tsp. rosemary - 3 jars vegan pasta sauce (or look below to make your own) - 16 ounces frozen spinach, thawed and drained - 2 large sweet potatoes, baked and mashed - 6 roma tomatoes, sliced thin - 1 cup raw cashews, ground - 2 packages gluten-free lasagna noodles, uncooked  Preparation:  Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.   Saut׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ³׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ© the onion and garlic on high heat in a pan for about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes, until they give up their liquid. Then empty them into a large bowl, leaving as much liquid as you can in the pan with a slotted spoon if you have one.   Then saut׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ³׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ© the broccoli and carrots for 5 minutes and add to the mushroom bowl. Saut׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ³׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ© the peppers and corn until just beginning to soften. Add them to the vegetable bowl.  Drain and rinse the beans in a colander. In a separate bowl, use a potato masher to mash the beans. Add them to the vegetable bowl.  Add spices to the vegetable bowl and combine all ingredients together with a mixing spoon.  To Assemble:  Cover the bottom of a 9-by-13-inch casserole with a layer of sauce. Add a layer of noodles. Cover the noodles with sauce. This way the noodles cook in the oven, saving time and energy. Spread the vegetable mixture over the sauced noodles. Cover with a layer of noodles and another dressing of sauce. Add the spinach to the second layer of sauced noodles. Cover the spinach with the mashed sweet potatoes. Add another layer of sauce, the final layer of noodles, and a last topping of sauce. Cover the lasagna with thinly sliced roma tomatoes.  Cover with foil and bake in the oven for 45 minutes. Remove the foil, sprinkle with the cashews, and return to the oven for 15 minutes. Let sit for 15 minutes before serving.   Enjoy! 
Interval Training Day  Today was my interval training day. I had planned to do kettlebell swings and snatches. My baby needed my full attention this morning and was resisting her nap. I knew my plan of swinging bells was not going to happen. Instead of just not doing anything, which many times happens, I had to be flexible and figure out another way. Those who have babies will know that putting them in a stroller will usually put them to sleep. So I decided to kill two birds in one stone. I put Lyla in the jogger, grabbed my stopwatch, and left the house. Lyla fell asleep within 5 minutes and I was then ready to expel some energy. I wanted to run fast but only for a minute at a time. I decided to do 1 minute intervals of running and fast walking for about 35 minutes.   Pushing a stroller and running up the hills were just as challenging on my heart as swings and snatches . I have never been one to love running long distances. I somehow completed a half marathon before, but don't have any intentions of doing so again. The 1 minute intervals of running and walking turned out to be a perfect workout! It was fun having the timer tell me when it was ok to stop and go. The interval times were short enough to keep me motivated.   This post is to remind me that there are no excuses! Sometimes things just don't go as planned. I have had to learn to go with the flow!
Loosing Sight.. At the beginning of 2017 I shared with you all about “The Day I Lost my Sight”. Through writing this about my blindness in my right eye due to my Juvenile Arthritis that began in my teenage years, many reached out to me and Kids Arthritis to share their stories and access support. During October 2017 I visited my Opthamologist, had some scans of my eyes and this was all fine, but the result wasn’t. Once again I was back in the big blue chair and on the screen were the images which had been taken. What happened next, changed my life.  On the screen, I saw the scan of the back of my eye and what was showing were some tiny ‘bubbles’ in the left eye (my seeing eye). These bubbles aren’t friendly bubbles, they’re Macular Degeneration. The look on the Opthamologist face said it all. Surprised, upset and unsure of how this could come about. All the medical treatments are supposed to prevent this from happening, but still it has occured. But you know what I did in that moment. I didn’t get angry or upset. I thought about the 1 in 1000 children in Australia living with Juvenile Arthritis. About how much pain they’re in right now and everyday, thinking they’re the only ones living like this. I also thought how much they need someone like me who can stand up for them living with Juvenile Arthritis and Kids Arthritis tosupport them and show them that it’s going to be ok. Medical professionals don’t know yet when my sight will disappear, but what I do know is that with your help we can ensure that more children living with Juvenile Arthritis, who could be going through this situation don’t need to do it alone.
Ebony has lost 50 pounds Today׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s Featured Success Story: Ebony has lost 50 pounds since May 2011.  Ebony weight loss  As of May 2011, I was 217 lbs. I took a Nutrition Course online that helped me calculate my calorie intake! We had a semester long journal of all of the foods we would eat on a daily basis. I used drink alcohol a lot, but I went cold turkey on that as well. I׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ll have a soda once or twice a month depending on what I eat. I eat a lot of fiber too. I am currently 167 and I am honestly trying 2 maintain those lbs. Nothing more, nothing less! Any more questions, pics, etc, I will happy 2 share that with u as well!  How did you change your eating? It was a lot of things I had 2 let go! I haven׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t eaten Pork in nearly 10 yrs. This month marks a year since I׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ve eaten beef! No alcoholic beverages, drinking a lot of water, and including a lot of fiber in my diet plan helped those unwanted pounds shed! I feel so much lighter on my feet! What about exercise? I was working out DAILY for 30 minutes a day until I sprained my knee (last June) My Dr. Told me 2 be easy b/c of that injury so I just pretty much do what I can, when I can even if its 15-30 mins every other day! Tell me more about the course you took. I took the course Bio-Nutrition at the Community College I attended last summer. We had 2 keep a journal of every meal, snack & beverage DAILY & 2 my surprise I wasn׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t getting enough calories per day that was calculated using my BMI׳’ג‚¬ֲ¦It was VERY beneficial 4 me b/c I learned the ins & out of EVERYTHING I was putting in my body! Very complex course!
For Year of Flowers Inspired by a Papertrey Ink challenge and actually made a card using their Carnation - Year of the Flower set. Not the best photo, but it is what it is. On gloss card using a variety of SU! reds and pinks and a bit of Sakura gel pen.
Mental health Monday: 3 apps that keep me sane  Hello again! I thought today I’d give you a run down of how I use apps to keep me from flipping my lid on a day to day basis. Some of these I use every day, others I only use occasionally but I like knowing they are there if I need them.  First up:  Simple Habit  simplehabit  Simple Habit is a meditation app. I love this app because I like to think of it as meditation for normal folks. There’s not a lot of woo-woo going on here (maybe a teensy bit, but that’s all). The meditations are short – anywhere from 5 to 20 minutes depending on how much time you want to spend, and although you can sign up for a paid account, there is plenty of free content to keep you occupied for quite a while. Why meditate? Here ya go:  Benefits of Meditation  And like Simple Habit says, “it’s a daily vacation for your mind.” I don’t know about you, but I need all the vacation time I can get. Available for Android and iOS.  Next up, You Need A Budget (YNAB)  ynab  Late last year I decided that I was finally ready to take control of my money and stop living in a scarcity mentality. Oddly enough, getting a budget has increased my peace of mind exponentially. But this budget app is different than any stale, boring, old-fogey budget – this budget has a sense of humor and a laid back style that makes it attractive to someone like me. There are 4 rules to YNAB: 1) Give every dollar a job, 2) Embrace your true expenses, 3) Roll with the punches, and 4) Age your money. I’m still learning to work with all the steps but this has been so helpful to me. It actually helped me set up a category for my daughter’s cheer fees, so that when it came time to pay the $300 fee, I had the money ready to go and could write the check with no anxiety. That’s a major win for me! YNAB offers a 34 day free trial, live online classes, and personal support. I’ve been really happy with them so far. I might do a post just for this sometime in the future. Available for Android and iOS.  Lastly, how about a game?  hue  This is a puzzle game in which you have to rearrange colored squares into their proper hue-order. It’s actually much more relaxing than it sounds, but it can be somewhat challenging. What I love most is the dopamine hit I get when I finally solve a puzzle and feel like super smart person. I’m not a huge game player, but sometimes I just need something simple to focus on when I have some downtime, or when I’m stuck in a gym watching volleyball for 10 hours, or when I’m waiting to board a flight. In a world of multitasking, sometimes it just feels good to focus on one single thing.     What apps do you find are essential for your sanity? Have you used any of the apps I mentioned? I’m always on the lookout for fun apps, so share in the comments some of your favorites!
Mother's Day Card CASE Happy Mother's Day everyone for Sunday. (in my part of the world, anyway) I made several Mother's Day Cards based on pins I found on Pinterest. The following two cards are based very much on Jacquie's cards from What did I do today?  And she in turn was inspired by the Muse Challenge and this card  by Virginia Lu. I used some Martha Stewart butterflies stamps and some Waltzing Mouse stamps. I again used Waltzing Mouse stamps Spring Basket set for this simple one layer card. I wanted to make it simple and bright for my Nana who has dementia.  For my Grandma, who is not really a floral person, she also gets a very clean and simple card. Again, it very closely resembles Ardyth's lovely card here.  Cause, it was just so nice as it is. So, thank you to all the very talented people out there that inspire and actually get me making some cards. Happy Mother's Day.
Vietnam: DAY ONE Today's the day we officially entered the land of Asia. When you haven't been to ANYWHERE in Asia before, other than the inside walls of Dubai airport for a 2 hour wait for a flight transfer, it's all a bit daunting really. Patrick has been to Thailand on numerous occasions and decided he was going to get his 'we're in Asia brain turned on'; which is all a bit worrying in itself really; as needing a new brain for a different continent is something I definitely hadn't heard before. (Clearly I missed something whilst living in Australia).  Getting Vietnamese SIM cards so we could actually use our phones and transferring money over to Vietnamese Dong at the airport was the swift, easy part, the actual getting out of the airport part was the most difficult. Hoards of men in tight shirts, off-coloured denim and bright fake Nike trainers approach you like a moth to a flame, shoving signs, cards, even money in to your face, as some sort of enticement to get you in to THEIR taxi as opposed to anybody else's. Nope, the relative that is officially collecting you for free from outside the airport just isn't good enough for them, as apparently their transportation will still be better than that - believe it or not. After foraging through crowds of people and getting just a little bit boisterous, as you do, we eventually caught an Uber and made our way in to the city centre of Hanoi.  The drive took about 40 minutes, and as we passed whole dead pigs being transported on the back of motorbikes down the dual carriageway and spotted little women in rice fields with Vietnamese hats (you know the ones), it hit me, despite the jet lag, that we were actually here now, and then the excitement kicks in. Vietnam was clearly, already a country where you didn't know what to expect and quite literally, what was lurking around the corner. The Uber pulled up outside our hotel which was on one of the main, central streets of Hanoi. But the difference between being on a 'main street' in a Western country and a 'main street' in Asia, certainly Vietnam, is huge. The roads have no rules; you step foot out of the hotel and you are quite literally in the centre of traffic, about to be knocked down by one of several speeding mopeds. Getting out of that Uber with my suitcase which is quite literally the size and weight of a small child was one of the more difficult tasks of the day for sure. After checking in, freshening up and washing the aeroplane off us, we decided to head out and see what was around us. I decided to leave my phone and the majority of my money locked away in the hotel room, as I genuinely did not know what to expect.  We walked around the vicinity, (albeit very, very slowly), in shock & awe, just taking it all in. We bought a coffee, a Coke and some cigarettes which I believe cost us a grand total of ֲ£3 (about $6). After sitting by Hoan Kiem lake in the centre of the city, we decided to go and find somewhere to get a beer and spend the evening just taking everything in. We headed to a place called Blues bar, where we eventually ended up ordering beer after beer after beer. In Vietnam, you can still smoke indoors in the majority of places, unless it isn't a fancy restaurant. Ashtrays are at every table which almost invites you to smoke. Another very popular thing that's available is the purchase of balloons. You know the ones, they're ginormous, they make you go all high & light headed and laugh in hysterics for about ten minutes straight over absolutely nothing apart from the fact you're sat there in Vietnam (apparently that was really funny). They're available in almost every bar you visit, especially the more tourist centred bars in the centre of the cities - give them a try and you'll see what I mean.  After about five beers each (which cost about ֲ£1 each) and an hour of trying to be convinced to sing karaoke, we decided to call it a night and head back to the hotel. Patrick was pissed (on the beer, on the balloons, who knows), and I was absolutely shattered and bewildered, more than anything. It isn't just the jet lag, but the realisation that you're in a completely different culture to anything you're used to, where the norms and values are different and things you had forgotten about or begrudged as illegal or at least 'frowned upon' are almost enticed. Sounds like a dream, right? We'll find out. Day one in Vietnam completed, here's to day two. *Tip of the day* - catch Ubers to & from airports or central destinations within cities as opposed to taxis which can sometimes overcharge you purely because you are a tourist, whereas you'll always know what you are paying with Uber. If Uber isn't available, try the Vietnamese alternative, 'Grab', which does exactly what it says on the tin and is available to download free from the app store.
Christmas and Happy New Year Hello everyone, I hope you have a nice Christmas day and a happy new year and I wanna get for christmas Clothes, perfume darling Kylie minogue, Chocolate and other's I guess. I'm very happy :) I can't waite for christmas, So you guys have a lots of present or chocolate lol :). Last time I went to my Unti place i was so happy it was a nice song I did sing carol with my firend And then there was father christmas came to my Unti place he said Ho Ho Ho Merry Christmas and happy New year everyone. I had a Dolly Magazine. Love Marissa xoxox
Weight Loss Transformation Medical weight loss programWeight loss program is a time of changeג€”a time for learning and growing as you adopt a new healthy diet, lifestyle and way of thinking. Making these changes will be both challenging and rewarding. But before you tackle the physical changes of weight loss, it is time to address the mental aspects of losing weight.  Mentally Preparing for Medical Weight Loss Program Sometimes, despite proper preparation and undergoing, change can still be hard to accept. Whether youג€™ve been planning for months to start your medical weight loss program or recently decided to change your health, the change can be overwhelming. As you encounter the mental challenges of changing the way you think and feel about your healthy habits, it helps to tackle the change one step at a time.  Changing One Stage at a Time Change doesnג€™t happen overnight. Instead of attempting to jump right into a new lifestyle, consider changes regarding your body. You should also consider diet and exercise habits at a gradual pace with the help of Medical weight loss program such as Optifast diet. This will be easier once you have a keen understanding of change and how it works in the following stages:  Resisting and Reacting to Change: This is the first stage of change youג€™ll encounter during medical weight loss. At first you may have the urge to resist change. But in time you will learn to react to change by adhering to the rules of medical weight loss.  Adjusting and Exploring Change: You will enter this stage once you become more accustomed to your new healthy way of life. The adjusting stage is pivotal during weight lossג€”especially when dealing with slipups. You may accidentally break your medical weight loss diet rules at a friendג€™s birthday. It might be a case thatyou skip the gym because you canג€™t miss you childג€™s soccer game, and thatג€™s okay. During this stage you will work with abrupt changes as they occur. Do your best to develop the healthy habits that will help you continue to lose weight. Living Well in the New Normal: Your transition has come to a close and you now live in a state of normalcy. What once was a learning process for new healthy habits has now become a normal way of life for you. Engaging in daily exercise and eating healthy are no longer seen as requirements. But these are considered more so a part of your customary lifestyle. You no longer think about making healthy choices 24-7 as those decisions have become second-nature. Your medical weight loss program has prepared you for ongoing weight management. So you can continue to live well for the long term. As you work towards losing weight, the change might be tough at first, but in the end itג€™s worth it. With the help of medical weight loss, you will change your life for the healthier, one day at a time.
In Hindsight... Today's post is meant to be a reflection; looking back at my 5th post ever on this blog, over 8 years ago, I can't believe how quickly the time has flown.  I can vividly remember all of the experiences I describe in that post, and how exciting all of the mundane elements of life were, my first week living in the UK.  The individual bits and pieces aren't as important as the overall experience, and the small things were key.  This is probably why my writing has slowed down.  All of the little new experiences have just morphed into the everyday. The expat experience isn't as exciting to write about anymore, as it's just normal life these days.
17th November, 2006 STATE NEWS Victoria- Dimboola Regatta Cancelled New South Wales- -Final Start List (verision 2) and Competitor Instructions for the Head of the Parramatta- photos from the Loreto Normanhurst Regatta South Australia- Adelaide High School Final Regatta Program AUSTRALIAN NEWS Rowing Australia- Western Australian Rowers in line for major award (Joanna Lutz and Amber Bradley) Media- Rower Tomkins back with Beijing in sight (Sydney Morning Herald) -Rowers primed to scoop top award (The West Australian)
Avon Haul Hi guys, hope everyone is well. Sorry again for taking ages to post, I've  nearly finished college for the year will start again in September for my final year. Can't believe I've been there 3 years already! Once I finish I will hopefully blog more frequently. Thanks to my followers for sticking around at the early stage and hello to my new followers and thank you for reading and joining my blog. I recently ordered a few products from Avon. I haven't brought from Avon in a few years as there was nobody near me who did it, or that I knew of. I've always been a fan of Avon as my Mum was a representative for years while I was growing up. I was very excited when we received an Avon book last month and my order finally came during the week. I do realise you can purchase from Avon via internet but I love flicking through the catalogue and especially the scented pages! I didn't order a lot last month but when my order came there was a new book and this time I might have ordered a bit too much. So these are the products I brought last month... Glimmersticks Liqui-Glide Eye Liner I ordered this eyeliner in bronze and when I applied it, it came out as a brown colour. Not nearly as bronze as it looked in the book. Although this, I really really like the colour of it! It suits my skin tone perfectly, is not as dramatic as a black eyeliner and is great for everyday use. It's very easy to apply too, it is very similar to a liquid eyeliner, hence the name, but still has a creaminess to it. Its long lasting and doesn't smudge. When I ordered this, it was on offer at ֲ£3 but in the new book its back to ֲ£6. On the website though it says its still on offer for ֲ£3, not sure how long the offer is going to last for but if anyone is interested, I'd order it quick. More info here.  Eyeshadow Brush with Smudger I haven't used this brush yet and will review it with my reviews from my next Avon haul. The brush feels soft and seems like it will work well. I also had some tweezers and I'm sure everyone knows what they look like! :) And these are the products I ordered for next month... Colour Trend Color Me Pretty Nail Enamel in Minimalist Peach Avon Glimmerstick Eye Liner in Majestic Plum and Saturn Grey  Skin So Soft Soft & Glow Ultimate Body Moisturiser SPF15 - Light/Medium I ordered a few more things too, but info doesn't seem on the website yet as they are new products.  I seriously cannot wait for them to come but have to wait for 2 more weeks yet! Eugh haha.  Anybody else love Avon produts? Or have what I've ordered? Always love reading through your comments :D 
Back on Track So my life took a bit of an unexpected turn recently and I was not sure if or when I would be able to update this blog, but things have now settled down and with things back on track it is time to come back to the blog. I have also been toying with the idea of sharing some of my other interests here, which after careful consideration I think I will. I look forward to some normality.
Post weight watchers So, two things have happened since I left weight watchers at the beginning of March. Firstly I have lost 6lbs in weight. Whoop. Secondly however I've been ill which has been quite debilitating due to the pain. There isn't any fast fix unfortunately just tests at the hospital but I am hoping that acupuncture tomorrow will help with the pain at least. This has reduced my sewing down to a dribble. I have made sales and some bags have sold at the yoga studio in Berkamsted. But lets just say it is not the start that a new business needs. Sanity is being kept by my daily yoga practises and still making it to Bayoga each week. Now it may seem mad to carry on with Ashtanga whilst in pain. But yoga is such good therapy for the mind and actually I find that the postures can actually help. My strength has diminished though but I am sure that everything will get better eventually. I have also had to give up coffee, chocolate, sugar, bread and alcohol. The things that basically are the support network for my life! What can i say I have marvellous skin at the moment :-) So today, I am measuring out a design for a tai chi bag at the moment. A request from Stuart at Tai-ga. IF you have no knowledge of Tai chi like me, you may be unaware that weapons are used. This bag will be a cool and funky way to carry the sword etc around to the classes.  I have a few ideas in my head about how it will work but i think, the truth will be in the first mock-up I make.  This zebra shopping tote is proving popular as well although this is a useless photo I'm hoping to be able to use the services of my 5 year old daughter later to model it for me. She does a rather good job don't you think?
Why am I here? For awhile now I've thought about making a new blog where I can post my depressed thoughts and regrets.  You see, I don't really have anyone in my life that I would consider a BFF.  A best friend.  Someone I can call and talk to and count on no matter what.  I've had times in the past where I thought I had that.  But I learned I didn't.  I learned no one really was that way for me.  Family.  I love them.  I do.  They come first in my life.  And for the most part, I know they'll be there if I really need them.  But I find that when it is maybe an emotional need, they aren't there.  They don't get it.   If I post complaints, regrets, etc. on places like Facebook, because I live alone and have no one to talk to at home, and no friends or family to just call with those things, then I'm told that I'm putting things out on social media that I should keep to myself.  So guess what.  I'm starting a new blog just for this.  I don't care if anyone reads it.  That's not my goal.  It's like a journal, like blogs started out, right?  It's a place for me to get my feelings out.  So yeah.   What finally got me going?  Well, my landlord offered to move everything in my basement to storage so he could begin renovating it like he wanted to.  But then he ended up just putting it all in the garage, and now I have to leave my car sitting in the driveway until I move it.  He said he'd give me a credit on my rent to not have to move it.  Well, that's great, but it's getting into storm season, in fact we had hail last night.  It was small, marble or smaller sized hail, so no damage.  But tomorrow night is supposed to be more bad storms.  Last night, my mom and stepdad said they'd come over and see about helping me move the shelves with my stepdad's truck.  You see, I can only get about 5 or 6 boxes in my car at a time. So taking loads to the storage place takes a while.  I was happy they were going to help by loaning or driving the truck for me. But they came over tonight, looked in my garage and decided there was too much there for them to help.  All I wanted was help getting the big shelves over!  Or even if they'd let me load up the back of his truck, so many more boxes at at a time, which would have meant less trips for me. But no.  I think they maybe thought I expected them to do it for me.  It's not that.  I know my stepdad is getting older and has had shoulder surgery, and shouldn't lift a lot.  I just really needed the truck bed, and I would have done as much as the actual lifting myself as I could.   So I came home.  Had a cry.  My depression and anxiety med seems to be working, and I've been trying to cut back on it.  My cry helped.  But I didn't spiral down like I used to into where I got to thinking that I didn't want to be around.  I was able to just know I needed the cry.   Last night my niece got really upset when she accidentally through the ball we were playing with and it hit me in the face.  Her mom and dad (my brother) immediately kind of said her name in a parent disapproving way.  She got really upset, ran to her mom and started crying, saying she'd ruined everything.  She wanted to go upstairs and be away from everyone.  Eventually my sister-in-law came back down and left her upstairs crying.  She's 7 years old.  I decided to go up and see if I could get her to calm down.  It took a bit, but I asked her what was wrong and finally got her to open up to me a little bit.  She mentioned something about how her daddy talked to her, and I got what she was saying.  My stepdad sometimes talks to me in a way, even now as an adult, that makes me want to cry.  Makes me feel bad.  I hope I helped her by talking to her.   But if my one thing I do in this life is help her not feel bad, help her to not become depressed in any way that I can, that will make me feel like my life was worth it.   Because I'm alone.  I'll never find anyone to love me and marry me.  I am unable to have kids even if I wanted to. Although I do think about maybe adopting or fostering some day.  And as I mentioned at the beginning, I do not have any real best friends.  But I'm okay with that.  I get it.  I'm here, I have to make the most of this life, and I've decided to do the things that make me happy.  And get my feelings out the way I need to.  I guess with this blog.  I've got a whole post I want to do with regrets, and I'll do that one of these days as well
An Exam Epilogue I have finally finished my GCSEs after studying for them for 3 years and sitting 24 exams in 1 month. It wasn't as bad as it sounds. At least I now no longer have to do maths ever again. 3(ish) months of revising did however, open the gateway to utter boredom. I developed a strong passion in anything and everything that wasn't revision. I solemnly believe that the best day of my life was a couple of weeks ago when I had the day off after a half term of revision and went to see the new Pirates of the Caribbean in a tiny cinema in the welsh village of Cwmbran. The Pirates of the Caribbean theme became the anthem of my GCSEs. For some reason girls that I knew were showing off about the amount of revision they had supposedly done. A competition developed about who could do the most hours in a day and comparing who'd had the most breakdowns in a week. People in my year on Snapchat where posting photos of how much revision they'd done. So I then spent time on Snapchat panicking about how much work others had done compared to me, instead of actually doing work myself. The exams themselves could have been a lot worse. Occasionally I would forget that I was actually doing a GCSE and start admiring the girl's hair 3 rows in front of me, trying to figure out who she was by the back of her head. The invigilators seemed to always either have a hacking cough, 50 pounds worth of loose change in their pockets or extremely heavy breathing- which was fun in the foreign language listening exams. One of the invigilators looked like the vicar who used to come to my primary school dressed as Buzz Lightyear, so that was a comforting sign. I now have to wait 2 months until I can get my results, by which point actually sitting the exams will have become a distant memory. Surely there must be a better way to test intelligence than tests.  However I have no wish for them to discover one now as if I have had to suffer through GCSEs then I want the other years to have to suffer as well. Especially the annoying year 10s.
banter after a five and a half hour shift at work, my feet are actually refusing to withstand my body weight, both they, and i, are absolutely  s h a t t e r e d.  not long watched x factor, and i still cant believe janet's gone :-( but from this point onwards, i wish amelia lily to be crowned championnnnn. watching im a celebrity at the moment, dougie poynter you are god. youve just managed to eat penis and your still absolutely beautiful. (definately my kind of man after claiming food is better than sex.) mark isnt too bad either, infact, ive grown almost fond. these pair are so cute, its unbelievable. tomorrow im off to chester to spend a couple of days lazing around with oliver, living life like a student. no doubt i'll get there, having forgotten something thats a necesity. maybe buy a few christmas presents (if i can actually afford/think of anything.) i know i wont want to leave, i never want to leave anywhere when i manage to get away from home. not seeing oll for two weeks, is such a burden. time goes so slowly, when i want it to go faster, and it goes too fast when i wish it'd slow down. i hate how the world works against us.  kinda gutted, almost dissapointed, that im not going to uni next year but, im so excited to start my art foundation. art is such a good way of expressing myself, cant express how much passion i have for the subject.  I JUST LIKE EXPRESSING MYSELF (not only in art, but music, fashion etc.) you may or may not know, im a bit different when it comes to fashion. i dont follow the crowd at all, i dress how i like, although it may not be to everyones taste, i like being the individual i am. i never wish to hide away behind clothes and trends that are like that of everyone else. "being different is being remembered." Charlotte x (ps, twenty-two days until christmas.)
An object that makes me feel at home Mentally walking through all of the rooms of my house, and at the same time reminding myself that the word home doesn't necessarily mean the place of my origin, I settle on my bookshelf.  It's one item that contains many.  I spent years after moving abroad looking through second hand adverts online for a bookshelf with character; my antique barrister bookcase back in Chicago, which may or may not eventually make a trip to Australia, still contains many of my most beloved books.  I bring a few back with me every time I visit the US, and am amassing a collection on this end as well in the meantime.  They needed a home, preferably one with glass doors, and nothing too new.  It took me 4 years to find a bookcase I liked, and when I did, it took us two trips to collect it from an hour away (it didn't fit in the truck the first time around) and a lot of manpower to get it into the house. It's now a solid, sturdy home for many of my treasures, which include more than just my books.
Babyliss soft waver Hi all!  So as I mentioned in a previous post I bought the babyliss soft waver iron from eBay for around £14! This item arrived on Thursday and boy do I love it!  The iron is just what I was looking for! Rather large and perfect for achieving loose curls! I was pretty impressed when this item arrived as it came with a protective wrap, a little black glove, and a little cute pouch for it all to fit into. I would say the iron is approximately 11cm and you literally only need to hold it around your hair for a few seconds! It also has 3 heat settings! The curls really did last in my hair and to be honest I loved the way my hair looked the day after using them! It just left a really beautiful wave in my hair and is something that may be achieved by brushing the curls out.  Thanks for reading  Love India xx  
Why am I not losing weight? The title of this post is not about me.  I lost 3kg this week.  And when I don't lose weight I usually know exactly why!  The amount of work I put in is eerily parallel with how the scale reacts...funny that. But what if, you're like me in my 'good' times, and you're working your butt off, and the scales just aren't shifting? This week I've had a couple of people message me with the same question...and by  glancing at some social media posts, I've seen other people struggling with the same topic.   WHY AM I NOT LOSING WEIGHT? I'm not talking about people who aren't following Basic Weight Loss 101.  Energy in vs energy out.  If you're not sure what that means then this post isn't for you.  Instead I'm talking about the people who are genuinely following the 'right' weight loss rules, but week in, week out, aren't seeing changes.  These people who messaged me and who I read about are struggling, and as far as I can tell, are genuinely putting the effort in.  In fact they're going above and beyond basic effort!  They're working so damn hard for this, and I know how heart wrenching it can be, to not see your efforts reflect on the scales. I replied to one of the messages and I asked the person I sent it to if they would mind if I used my response for this post - I thought it was something worth blogging about, in case this can help anyone else, as there seems to be a few people out there.  I have permission to use what I said and have taken out all identifying references! :)  My answer would be similar for anyone - so here it is for other people, edited and fleshed out a little for my blog.  I've split it up into sections too, for easier reading. Before you read it though, please know that the only expertise I have, is in being myself.  I am not a doctor, dietician, nutritionist, medical or health professional in any way, shape or form.  My name is Kate, and I used to be Morbidly Obese and now I'm not.  That's it.  All of the stuff I say below should not be taken as gospel - my ideas may be wrong!  Also, this is not advice, these are just my thoughts and suggestions of what to perhaps look for.  If you want professional advice, please see a professional.  I'm not an expert, but these people asked my opinion.  And the only basis my opinion has is from my own experiences and from what I've seen in other people and read about.  Disclaimer-ed enough??  Well then, here we go. :) ____________ Hey :) With the weight thing, this is NORMAL.  Please relax, it could be one of many things:  How much you weigh:   You said you're not losing as much as you used to.  What you lose when you start losing weight won’t be the same all along.  As you get lighter, more work needs to be done to hit the same losses.  Eg. generally speaking most people who start out at 140kg+ can easily drop 20-30kg in the first 3 months.  Easy.  People who start out at 100-140kg can probably lose more like 10-20kg in that time frame, people 80-100kg maybe 10kg, and it goes down - down - down.  So someone 65kg would be lucky to lose 5kg in their three months.  I’m making these numbers up from the top of my head so they’re not exact, but it’s around about from what I’ve heard and seen and experienced.  As you get lighter, the weight loss slows down.  I saw someone ask yesterday how much weight people dropped when they first started losing weight.  It totally depends on their start weight (and a million other factors).  Someone who starts at 160kg, who’s never moved before could easily be 130kg down by the end of their first three months.  However imagine a 70kg person, there’s no (safe) way that they’d be 40kg in the same amount of time.  So try to relax…this is normal.  You’re heaps lighter than when you started so it’s literally physically inevitable that you’ll drop weight at a lower rate now.   Body stress: Also your body could be stressed to the max with all the exercise you’re doing.  This happens to me all the time.  Sometimes less exercise (less stress on the body) makes me drop more rather than when I’m going nuts and climbing a mountain or two a day.   Your body's used to it:  Also the fact you’ve been doing this for so long, your body is probably plateauing and used to what you’re doing.   It could believe that what you do now is the norm, so it will stop dropping, as it takes everything as normal.  It might be time to spice things up a bit?  Maybe change your diet around…start trying foods you don’t usually eat.  Stay within your calories, but just eat differently.  Eg. I did a big cook-up late last year and I made a lot of food that I hadn’t tried before.  Turns out I wasn’t fussed on it lol – it was a good lesson learnt – don’t make 30 batches of something you haven’t tried before – you may not love it, then you have 29 more batches in your freezer to get through!  Anyway, I didn’t eat it all and after a couple of months I wanted to clear some space and felt like I should eat what I’d made.  So as much as I was not a fan of the stuff I'd pushed to the back corner of the freezer, I made myself eat everything.  I reckon that kicked my weight loss up a notch, coz I was eating stuff I don’t usually eat.  It was the same cals I usually eat, but it was just different types of food.  My body was like whoah – what is this different food?  I dropped more weight around then than I believe I would have if I'd stayed eating my usual favourites that my body had grown accustomed to.  I think because it had to start learning how to process this new food - it was different and it mixed things up for my body.  Also maybe look at changing the exercise you’re doing around.  As long as you’re moving that’s all that matters really, but if you want to start losing more, it may be worth changing things.  Just to shock your body and to make it think again.  What do you do for exercise?  If you do boot camp, try running.  If you’re walking, try dancing.  If you’re hiking, try cycling.  LOL.  Change things around…  Regular eating:  Some people might disagree but I find it really important to eat every 2-3 hours.  I eat 5-6 meals a day.  I think I have a shot metabolism after years of eating disorders, so this is my little way of trying to get it working as best as it can.  And I know you know this, but of course never skip breaky.  Eating loses weight - starving yourself doesn't.  Eat up!  Also a little side note, I tend to lose more when I up the protein in my snacks.  The unknown:  There's so much going on with our bodies, we can never really tell what's going on inside.  Mine surprises me all the time.  When I was leading up to Operation Birthday, there was one week where I was absolutely perfect with my eating.  I did not have one bite of anything that wasn't strictly planned and within my cals.  I was really focused this whole time, but this particular week, I was vigilant to the absolute letter!  I also worked out like a nutter.  The next Wednesday I jumped on the scales, expecting to be digitally rewarded, and I can't remember exactly, but I either stayed the same or put on weight.  WHAT?  I was shocked.  (And very disappointed!)  But I did the best thing I could have done, and I kept going the next week.  And that following week when I was slightly less than perfect, I lost something like 4kg.  I have no idea why those 2 weeks worked out that way, but it happens.  TTOTM, DOMS, fluid retention, injuries, illnesses, weird ass body stuff that we will never understand...it could be anything.  We can plan all we like and work as hard as we can, but internal rules all and will dictate the scales every single time.  There's only so much we can do.  Just keep going and don't give up, and it will all work out in the end.  Medical stuff: Remember that there actually could be medical stuff going on.  My friend has a thyroid issue and this physically affects her ability to lose weight.  I'm sure you're fine but just keep it in mind, that if you are doing all of the 'right' things and nothing happens for so long, it might be worth going in for a check-up. On a similar note, check your calories.  Calories in (food) and calories out (exercise).  They may need adjusting.  It's possible you're eating too little for the amount of exercise you're doing.  If you're smashing out 3 hours of intense exercise a day and trying to cope with limited calories, your body may not lose anything as it's holding on for dear life, the small amount of cals that it's getting.  Consult professionals and test out what is best for you. Keep going: More than anything, just keep going and relax because it’s normal.  I’ve seen people be excited when they hit their goal of losing 2kg in 3 months.  Starting at over 140kg myself, I get so amazed by this, I think 2kg??  But they started at 58kg, so 2kg is a lot to them, just like 20kg is a lot to us.  It’s all relative.  Also, the smaller you get not only the less weight you drop, but the harder it is to do so.  So I've been told anyway - I've never gotten to that point yet!  I'm sure there’s a reason Mish has a book dedicated to “Losing the last 5kg”.  So many of us struggle with this, it's so disheartening when you know you're working so damn hard and the scales aren't reflecting the effort you're putting in.  This does a lot of people’s heads in and it’s no wonder why xx  The stuff above are just a few of the things you might want to consider - I'm sure there's more that it could be.  But more than anything you can't give up.  It will happen eventually.  Also, that’s all just physical stuff.  Mentally and emotionally is a whole other kettle of fish.  This journey is so LONG!  Especially for us who have a lot of weight to lose.  Take heart sweetheart and keep going, mix things up if you can and sit back and know that it’s 100% normal, and that you will get there. Lots of love, hope this helps xoxoo
Detoxing Diets ג€“ Do They Work? ג€˜Raw food dietג€™, ג€˜fat flush dietג€™ or ג€˜liver cleansing dietsג€™.  Sound familiar?  If youג€™ve tried it, then chances are that the person next to you has too.  A website search tells me that the most popular craze today is the ג€˜Master cleanse / Lemonade dietג€™.  But what drives you to try these diets?  Radiant and dewy skin?  Glossy hair?  A tiny waist?  The diets do promise weight loss, purified glands, slower rate of aging or help alleviating symptoms of headaches or bloating.   Yet, I canג€™t find a single shred of evidence to support any of these claims.   It seems that there is every reason to question and protest, but whatג€™s the likelihood that the creators will volunteer the evidence (if any) behind these diets?  Regardless of diet type, what these diets have in common is minimal calorie intake.  In short, these are simply starvation diets in the quest for extreme beauty.  For entrepreneurs, this is merely an opportunity to sell supposed health cleansers for a healthy margin.  The first and only time I tried a ג€˜ג€™detox dietג€™, I was a teenager.  I rushed out to purchase the few and only items recommended on the diet ג€“ fruits and vegetables.  Day one, I felt invigorated and purified, but just a little bit hungry.  Day two, as advised by the author, I stuck to my exercise regime.  Sweating apparently helps expel toxins.  I later dragged my embarassed self home after blacking out in the middle of my favourite aerobic class.  What the authors probably donג€™t tell you are the side effects such as headaches and lethargy to name just a few.  Although a very active person, I couldnג€™t complete my usual runs.  I knew that I had to surrender and hence day three was the sensible termination of the diet. As expected, my quick literature review of the detox diets disappointingly revealed that there isnג€™t anything worthy to report.  There is no scientific evidence to support any of the health claims and worse, the authors fail to highlight the potential side effects of following the restrictive diets. By all means, try a diet if it pleases you, but I am not sure that it will make a tremendous difference to your body.  Be prepared to gain half, if not all of the weight shed as quickly as you lost it on resuming your usual diet.   A few days on a ג€˜cleansing dietג€™ may do no harm, but consider yourself warned if you decide to continue the diet for longer.   The detox diets are not nutritionally adequate and not recommended long term. In my humble opinion, a more rewarding investment would be weekly visits to a near-by grocers market.  Enjoy and reap the benefits of the promised vitamins and minerals from your fruit and vegetables by eating it as part of a healthy and nutritious diet, every day. For more information on fruit and vegetables, you may enjoy this article I discovered on BBC.
It’s Not About Us Hello everyone! I have never really posted anything that serious or any thought type of posts on here. I’ve written plenty in my mind, and a few on paper, but this time one is actually making it onto the screen. I’ve been thinking about posting this type of post for a while but haven’t. I’m not completely sure why not, but I think it might be because I’m afraid I’ll get something wrong or because a lot of times I think of what other people will think of it. Not so much the disagreeing as the “wow this is such a great post” type of thought, and it feels like maybe I shouldn’t do it then if I’m thinking of the praise I’ll get. I’m also more comfortable with a one-on-one or in real life sort of discussion when I’m talking about this sort of subject. So maybe this is a good way to start, with a post called “It’s Not About Us” because it’s not about me. I think it’s good to talk about things like this and I’ll just let God handle the outcome for everyone who reads this. 🙂 I don’t have any pictures to go with this post, and it kind of switches themes or topics or something halfway in between. It’s a little scattered and probably confusing at times too. Sigh. Enough with the defending myself and talking about me. Because that’s what I’m talking against in this post. Oh, and the Bible verses are linked to the whole chapter in case you want to read it in context. Without further ado: It’s Not About Us The concept of turning the other cheek seems to have become very foreign to us. If someone slaps you, you slap them twice, show them you’re not going to be messed with! Right? No. Our culture is so focused on us. See what you can do for yourself, see how you can make yourself stand out. I’ve been thinking about loyalty, and loyalty seems to apply, for the most part, to ourselves now. Not others. Instead of defending or being there for someone else, we constantly defend our opinions and ideas, and put our needs or wants first. What about standing up for someone, being loyal behind their back? Not because it will benefit you, but because you care about the person. Or even if you don’t agree with them, you don’t need to criticize them harshly. Be loyal behind their back, don’t gossip or condemn behind their back. Yes, it’s okay to tell them they’re wrong, but do so lovingly, with an attitude of trying to help them instead of bringing them down so they can see how much higher you are than them. I’m sure that’s hard, and I don’t really know the best way to do that, but wouldn’t it be so much nicer to look out for the other person, not so you can watch them trip but to pick them up if they fall? And if you’re defending a friend, do it lovingly too. We are supposed to love our enemies, right? That doesn’t mean going along with whatever they want, to never disagree with them. And it sure is harder to do that when it’s an enemy rather than a friend. But even if it’s hard, maybe that’s okay. Because you know what? It’s not all about us! We don’t tell them why we disagree so they join us, we do it because we don’t want them to continue doing what’s wrong. We do it out of love. Going back to turning the other cheek now: when a harsh action or word is directed towards us, maybe we don’t need to rush into the fray and hurl insults back at the oncoming offender and constantly defend ourselves. Perhaps we can just sit there while they hurl their spears, knowing that our shields would fall utterly short of the shield God is protecting us with. Yes, you may get wounded, but you won’t be defeated. We’re not of this world. It’s not about us. We’re not trying to elevate ourselves, we’re trying directing the attention and glory to God.  But wait! You’re awesome – you go girl! You can do anything you want! Reach for the stars!  No thanks. I’d rather reach for God and let him give out the right stars. It’s good to have dreams and ambitions, but don’t blow them way out of proportion. They are not the most important things. If my dreams don’t line up with Gods plans for me, I sure don’t want them to come true! I’m thinking they’d be a lot more like nightmares.  So where am I going with this? I’m not sure. I’m just writing down my thoughts (and now typing out my thoughts), hoping they’ll untangle on paper.  Oh, and remember that part about me being awesome and all that jazz? Well nope, I’m not even near that awesome mark. God is really the only awe-inspiring one (which is a lot of the reason why I rarely use the word awesome) and if you would stand me next to God… well. I’m guessing I’d run away or fall on my face or something of the like because I’m a pretty rotten person. We all are. Ever stopped to check what the reason is behind why you’re doing something? It usually isn’t a very nice one. Usually we make it about us. “Well I  going to do this because it will make me happy, even if it doesn’t make them happy.” No! It’s not about us. It’s not easy to turn the other cheek, to let yourself get battered, to not strike back. But hey, Jesus told us to. And guess what guys! So far there have been a lot of we and I and you, but here comes the good part: it’s all about Him. And yet he promises that for those who love him, all things will work together for good. 28 And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose. Romans 8:28 Does it make any sense that a holy, holy, holy, righteous, and completely just God would do that for the wretched sinners that we are? Nope. None is righteous, no, not one. All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. 10 as it is written: “None is righteous, no, not one; Romans 3:10 23 for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, Romans 3:23 Sounds like we’re in rough shape, huh? But what about verse 24: “and are justified by his grace as a gift, through the redemption that is in Jesus Christ.” 24 and are justified by his grace as a gift, through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus, Romans 3:24 See, this is where Jesus comes in! All who believe can have “the righteousness of God, through faith in Jesus Christ. ” Which leads us to seeing that “God shows his love for us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.” 21 But now the righteousness of God has been manifested apart from the law, although the Law and the Prophets bear witness to it— 22 the righteousness of God through faith in Jesus Christ for all who believe.  Romans 3:21-22 8 but God shows his love for us in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 5:8 That is truly incredible. I mean, a man might die for his friends, for a “good person”, but for a wretched, evil person? No, and even then the man is only a man while Jesus is perfect and holy. He was both God and man. And so, since we’ve been given the amazing gift of salvation, we have no reason to “set [our] minds on the things of the flesh” and every reason to “set [our] minds on the things of the Spirit.” 5 For those who live according to the flesh set their minds on the things of the flesh, but those who live according to the Spirit set their minds on the things of the Spirit. Romans 8:5 So we don’t need to fight back with swords of insults. “As it is written, ‘for your sake we are being killed all the day long; we are regarded as sheep to be slaughtered.” 36 As it is written, “For your sake we are being killed all the day long; we are regarded as sheep to be slaughtered.” Romans 8:36 Oof. Doesn’t sound too fun, does it? Yet, as Paul says, “I am sure that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.” 38 For I am sure that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, 39 nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord. Romans 8:38-39 We’re saved because God redeems us. We can have Christ’s righteousness because he paid for our sins through his death on the cross. Not because God looked down and said “Oh, she’s been pretty nice lately, how about I pick her for my team.” It’s not about what we’ve done, but what Jesus has done for us in his work on the cross. What God and the Holy Spirit does to redeem us and justify us. It’s not about us. To God be the glory!
Eating Right When Dining Out  Everybody loves eating out and there's not reason why you shouldn't - except the fact that most restaurant-foods are high in fat, salt, sugar or calories in general! New health care legislation in the States will require (some time during this 2011) that big restaurant chains indicate how many calories each of their food items contains; however, it's not always possible to get the information you want.    - Some fats are good for you while other are not - Monounsaturated fats, such as those found in avocados, nuts, olives and olive oils, can help lower your LDL and maintain your HDL and polyunsaturated fats in vegetable oils, fish, mixed nuts, edamame and seeds could help decrease your cholesterol in general. So ordering grilled seafood when you go out will offer you taste, heart healthy benefits and omega 3 fatty acids. Meanwhile, the fats you should be aware of are trans fats, saturated fats and cholesterol. These are found in greasy cheeses, palm oil, coconut oil, shortenings, butter, creamy sauces, stuffed with cheese, meats and whole dairy products. Fried foods  are the main concern here. Foods that are labeled as "golden crispy" to induce your mouthwatering appetite are fried with trans/saturated shortenings, ghee (clarified butter) or lard (pork fat) that will in return make your blood cholesterol spike!  - To make foods more palatable, salt (sodium) is the key. Restaurant foods can be very high in sodium. Now whether or not you are medically required to decrease your sodium intake because of high blood pressure for instance, research has shown that a low sodium diet can benefit any healthy youngster. However, the point here is to know how to spot high sodium foods. Foods that are pickled, creole sauce, smoked, marinated, teriyaki sauce, soy sauce, cocktail sauce, bacon, MSG (monosodium glutamate) added to meats or Chinese foods to give them their umami taste and canned foods are all high in salt. Therefore, don't add any table salt, ask your food to be done without extra salts and learn how to spot salty ones.  - Most restaurants label foods with extra symbols on the side: All you have to do is look for "Heart-healthy" or "Light" symbols: these are usually a red heart, a green butterfly, etc. These offer low fat, low salt and low cholesterol items making it easier for you to know which foods are the best to choose from. Watch out not to mistaken them with flags symbolizing most popular food choices.  - Don't be afraid to ask how the food is prepared and what ingredients are used. Tell your server that you are staying away from high caloric foods, high fatty/salty ones and ask for special requests for a lighter version of that meal. You can ask the chef to prepare foods using less oil, no butter, less sugar, less syrups, less salt, you name it! It's actually easy to be done so go for it next time you're eating out. You can also ask for healthier substitutions such as: baked potatoes instead of a side french fries order low fat milk instead of whole milk in your coffee fresh salad instead of glazed or sautteed vegetables And if there are no substitutions, eat smart: peel off the chicken skin ask your server to skip putting fries in your plate skip the butter, cream, cheese, fried/sautteed vegetables, fatty fressings and dips know your meats: skip high fat meats, rib-eye, pork, bacon, lamb, T-bone steaks and go for leaner ones - Ask for your sauces, dressings, gravy or dips on the side! This way you can skip them or dip less than you would have if it were already all mixed together. In addition, know which dressings to order with your salad and which not to. Ask for balsamic dressing, lemon-oil, light mayo, lemon, vinaigrette, citronette, mustard,tabasco, marinara with your pasta (tomatoes, garlic, onions), primavera without cream or small amounts (2 tbsps) of guacamole or low fat sour cream. Skip dips and dressings: heavy creamy ones such as heavy lemon, heavy vinegar, thousand island, Caesar's, cocktail, tartar, bechamel, tempura, mayonnaise and  homestyle dressings. - Know menu linguistics for healthy and unhealthy foods: Restaurants often describe foods using specific words that aim to lure your appetite while explaining how the food has been prepared.  Watch out for: fried, batter-fried, au gratin, in cheese sauce, marinated in oil, double crust, sauteed, braised, crispy, glazed, golden, deep fried, prime, rich, buttered, buttery, breaded, creamy, beurre blanc, bearnaise, with mayonnaise sauce, creamed, escalloped, cheesy, Hollandaise, pan fried, rich in butter sauce or pan roasted.  Whereas go for foods that are: baked, braised, cooked in its own juices, dry boiled (in wine or lemon juice), lightly sauteed, stir-fried, broiled, barbecued, roasted, boiled, grilled, poached and steamed. Extra Dining out Tips: Always start with a green salad on the side, it will help make you fuller for longer. Keep in mind that peas, corn, croutons, olives, avocados, couscous, cheeses and meats could be part of a salad but are not considered as greens (which have the least calories in your meal, thus will help you make full without extra calories). Downsize portions: always think small. A double cheeseburger is around 600 calories while a cheeseburger is 340. Also, super fries could contain 540 calories whereas a small one accounts for 210 calories. Ask for whole wheat/brown/mutli-cereal breads, pasta and doughs.  Order a thin crust pizza, no cheesy stuffings, with extra sauce, half the cheese topping, vegetables as toppings and skip the meats. Moreover, it's best if you stick to 2-3 slices max. Occasionally have a small portion of lighter alternatives for desserts: a scoop of diet ice cream, 1/2 cup of fruits smoothies, a cup of fruit salad, leeches and avoid high fatty, creamy and sugary ones.  Try to decrease fluids intake with your meal. However, if you choose to have a drink go for water, unsweetened tea or sugar and alcohol-free drinks. Go for a small or medium portion of a meal or share a big one with a friend. Most meals nowadays are huge so don't over-indulge.
Just Me. Acting is a dangerous game. Performing in general is a dangerous game. It is easy to see why so many performers have break-downs/are incredibly egotistical and self-important. Because ALL WE DO IS THINK ABOUT OURSELVES. Especially when we're learning, as I am now. Every day, from morning to night, all I am thinking about is myself - am I working hard enough? Am I doing this right? Should I sing this for mock audition? Is this challenging me enough? Am I improving? Is it incredibly difficult to not be self-focused, because in every class we are being encouraged to let our thoughts revolve around ourselves because, really let's face it, it's the only way to improve. If you don't pay attention to yourself and your abilities how will you know where you are and what you need? On one hand, I understand that this is a brilliant and necessary thing because it makes performers so self-assured. Some of the teachers we have are just so incredibly sure. They seem to know themselves back-to-front and exude such an amazing energy of being totally at ease. And you need that as a performer because you have to face endless rejection. You have to be aware of where you are to the point that if someone says they don't want you, you can still have faith in what you have to offer. Anyone who hasn't spent enough time in their own head will soon collapse under the pressure of rejection. On the other hand, it can make many people selfish with too much self-importance then is good for them. It's a dangerous game. Unavoidable of course. I suppose it's all in how you let the game play you. If you let yourself become too entangled with yourself you'll have no hope. If you can be impartial about yourself, if you can understand yourself and improve yourself without losing sight of others then you're on a good path. The people around us probably suffer a fair amount. I love my family so much, but often times when I am at home I just want to be by myself because the effort of social interaction seems to make me even more aware of me. And if I'm on my own it feels more as if I'm not so present. I can tune out, watch a movie, listen to music, read, and not need that constant focus. At the moment, I just want to get out of my own head. As a serial over-analyser I feel as if I'm really having constant arguments with myself, because I can see both sides, agree with both sides, understand both sides but can't for the life of me pick a side to be on. Do I sound a tad crazy right about now? Probably. But what is this blog for if not to vent. Hopefully other performing-students can understand what I'm getting at. But as much as I am struggling with the self-regulation of performance, I am feeling an odd thing for people who aren't experiencing it. I guess you could call it pity. Because I can't imagine a life in which you don't try to understand your own thoughts (and yes, you do need to practice understanding them because really, how complicated are we? How hard are we to decipher even in ourselves?). A life in which you don't try to be better, don't try to learn more and become more at peace. It creates beautiful people, it really does. Yes, as I've said, people can become very egocentric, but the flip side of that is the community of generous, loving, open, funny and just incredibly unique people that pursue performance. They are a special breed of people, they really are. So, if this blog post doesn't prove my state of mind I don't know what will. I hate it, I love it, I admire it, I don't understand it. Whatever it is. I love what I'm doing, and hopefully what I will do, but it doesn't come easy, that's for sure. But it's worth the struggle.
Multi-functionality Benefits of Restaurant POS Terminals to Escalate their Adoption Globally, point of sale (POS) terminals are being recognized as a highly efficient substitute to traditional cash registers and manual systems in restaurants. Their demand is estimated to witness a sharp rise in the coming years owing to their multifunctionality benefits. Restaurant POS terminals improve efficiency of business operations by cutting down order generation time and errors during peak hours. They also help in tax reporting, payroll, gathering sales figures, and inventory control.  Features of Restaurant POS Terminals  POS terminals are flexible systems that help users carry out their business operations in a profitable manner. A typical POS terminal at restaurants involves several features such as menu management, billing, customer relationship management, stock and inventory management, and reporting and analysis.  Food Delivery Platform Partners with POS Terminal Developers to Provide Better Solutions  Increasing partnerships between online food ordering and delivery platforms and POS terminal developers is likely to help restaurants improve their businesses. For instance, recently, online food ordering company Grubhub decided to team up with Oracle Hospitality to be able to give restaurants a more efficient way of managing in-house and delivery orders. The company says that the integration will improve operations, offer more and better business insights, and free up counter space. It also collaborates with the Upserve Breadcrumb point-of-sale (POS) system, while Toast POS is on their radar. Such partnerships are, therefore, likely to make way for advanced restaurant POS terminals.  Market Insights  Growing inclination toward digital payments, coupled with rising penetration of the Internet, is likely to be one of the primary growth stimulants of the global restaurant point of sale (POS) terminal market. Technological advancements in POS terminal systems such as introduction of real-time analytics can provide a significant push to the market in coming years. However, rising security issues pertaining to customers׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ personal data can hamper growth prospects, finds Grand View Research Inc. Nevertheless, rising incorporation of cloud technology into restaurant POS terminals is likely to shape its future.  The market is characterized by high competitive rivalry among key players. Partnerships and acquisitions and extensive research and development are some of the go-to growth strategies for majority of players. Some of the key players in the market are Verifone Systems Inc.; Ingenico Group; NCR Corporation; PAX Technology Limited; and Revel Systems.
Delesha lost 53 pounds  Transformation of the Day: Delesha lost 53 pounds. This mom wanted to transform, not only physically but spiritually and mentally as well. She realized that along with unhealthy food, she had to give up toxic attachments and toxic emotions as well. Check out her story.  Delesha before and after  When did you start your journey? I began my journey on September 27, 2018, and Iג€™m still going.  What was your motivation? What inspired you to keep going, even when you wanted to give up? My inspiration to lose weight is my children. I also wanted to grow spiritually, mentally, and physically. I had to leave my past in the past and realize that it wasnג€™t just about losing weight. Itג€™s also about attachments ג€“ negative emotions, insecurities, negative energies, and even toxic people. Material things will come and go but what you gain spiritually is always going to be there.  How did you change your eating habits? I stopped eating meat and bread. I also stopped eating out. Instead, I started fasting and eating fruits and vegetables.  What is your workout routine? I get up at 6:30 in the morning to do a light workout. For cardio, I walk to the park and then work out when I get to the park.  What was your starting weight? What is your current weight? My starting weight was 260 pounds, and my current weight is 207 pounds.  What is your height? My height is 5ג€™2ג€³.  Is weight loss surgery part of your journey? No surgery. I wanted to learn patience while on my journey ג€” no hate to people who have had surgery, of course.  What is the biggest lesson youג€™ve learned so far? Iג€™m still in on my journey, but Iג€™m learning more and more that itג€™s not just the weight. This process is spiritual and mental. It will set you free!  What advice would you like to share? I want to let women who are struggling with their weight know that you have to get rid of attachments and learn to love who you are! When you hit rock bottom, use that as a foundation to build your empire of self.  Also, we need to realize how important our bodies are because we only get one. Donג€™t give up when it seems like your weight loss isnג€™t happening fast enough. Patience and consistency are key. Know thy God will never leave you.
DAY 4 PANAMA CITY BEACH BEACH HOPPING HONEYMOON  Day 4 finds us in Panama City Beach. We wanted to Camp at St Andrews State Park, situated right between the Gulf Coast and the Bay, which reminded me of a lagoon. We had alternated our night between hotels and camping, to get the most of our budget.  The State Park has full amenities, including RV hookups, air conditioned bathrooms, full laundry, etc..It was in a natural setting, with lots of wildlife!. We were hoping it wasn't alligators!  We woke up to a rainy day, which had been alot of our honeymoon! So we decided to cruise the Beach Hwy, and check out the local scene. We knew of the PIER PARK, which offers an open air shopping promenade, fishing pier, and an amusement park!   The rain put a damper on our day, but we made the best of it, praying the sun came out in the afternoon. ( that had been the normal day on our honeymoon) We drove further back toward the State Park, and had heard about a Club that was one of the biggest in the USA! So we wanted to check it out, even though we knew it was raining, and it would be empty. CLUB LA VELA was as amazing as they had said! 6 Large Rooms, 5 Massive Stages and Sound Systems, an ENORMOUS patio's where it could hold hundreds of people! We had decided to come back that night, and go dancing!  When afternoon came, the sun was trying to come out, so we decided t head to the beach. St Andrews State Park had full beach access, so we pitched our towels (and an umbrella, for rain) in the sand, and waited for the sun! It wasn't the perfect beach day, but we were on our honeymoon, and didn't care.  We were swimming in the waves, jumping, body surfing like 2 teenagers! Life was good, and we were so lucky! SUDDENLY I felt something in my bathing suit top! OMG! A jellyfish I thought!..I pulled and tugged. Looking in my top, I found a little fish, and he popped out of my top! HOW FUNNY! I wished we had got in on video, Funniest Home Video Winner for sure!...Never thought I would be titty fishing in Panama City Beach! It was a story and memory we will never forget!  We had dinner plans, so we then headed back to shower, and eat at THE BEST SEAFOOD RESTAURANT ever! A local Beach Club called SCHOONERS! It was a full service beach club, with private beach access, volleyball, sitting area, live music, best ocean views, and you can walk the beach after dark! That was important, because they close the public beaches at 10 pm. (remember us getting locked in on night 2? lol) We asked for a window seat, and sat down to have a cold cocktail!  The Service was impeccable! The drinks were huge! We had margaritas, and decided to walk outside while we waited for our food. There were people playing volleyball, sitting with their families, enjoying the evening. Thank God the sun came out that afternoon, and the clouds remaining made for a beautiful sunset! We savored every minute!  After dark, the live music starting playing, and people were in such a festive mood! We had Sparklers from a friend (Thanks Sherry) so we wanted to do our WEDDING CEREMONY for that night. We had no idea that Schooners had a Fireworks show of their own!  What an amazing end to an awesome day with mu husband! God has been so good to us, and we felt so content in that moment! Love felt good! Our Honeymoon was a lifetime experience, and we had 1 more day!  Tomorrow would find us at the Atlantic Ocean, so stay tuned for a twist of events! Day 5 Tomorrow!
Everybody knows With all apologies due to Leonard Cohen, I would like to take this opportunity to assert that everybody knows what they need to know in order to lose weight. Further, we all possess the tools needed in order to have a successful life! Sometimes accessing these tools is difficult, and misinformation is fed to us in order to sell products and distract us from our own wellness.  I came to these realizations about "everybody" because I eventually came to understand them about myself. Not being a super-hero or even a super villain (no matter what my daughter's friends say), I know that I can't be the only person with these powers.  We know that a healthy relationship with food requires that web treat it as fuel and not entertainment. We all know that what we absorb into our body becomes our body. We all know that our bodies need healthy, nutritious fuel and that garbage in makes us feel like garbage.  We all know that our bodies were developed/created/designed/evolved to be used and that if we don't exercise the body it can not effectively support that use.  We all know to eat when we're hungry and stop when we're satisfied. We all know that water is a necessity whether or not we enjoy drinking it. We all know that a junk food binge will not solve our problems. We all know that are internal organs are meant to work together in harmony and not to be "stapled," "sleeved," or otherwise surgically restricted.  We all know that diets don't work long-term and are not sustainable. We all know, at some level, that our own choices have led us to our current health and wellness.  At least I know these things. Doesn't everyone?  Why do we continually make these poor choices? How do we put all of this knowledge into action? Why doesn't it come naturally to us? This is what I am working on with my health coach and my counselor.  Obesity is at a epidemic level in America. Some people believe obesity is a disease. Some think it is a choice. I have come to believe it is a symptom of individual and often underlying emotional problems that have lead us to indulge in poor habits. In my case it is.  What do you think?
December 27, 2012 I WONDER...... CAN WE GER BOTH LITTERS IN TH E COA VAN AND GET THEM DOWN TO THE ARENA FOR PLAYTIME???   IF SO WE COULD USE THAT AREA HEATER PAUL HAS BEEN PUTTING TOGETHER   IT WOUD BE FUN TO WATCH THEM ALL RUN AFTER MEGAN... PROBLEM THERE IS THE ROVING CAMERA-- FOR SOME REASON I CAN NOT REMEMBER.. IS ON THE HOUSE WIFI-- WHICH DOES NOT REACH THE LOWER AREA... EXPLORE PUT IN A SECOND WIFI FOR THE ENTIRE PROPERTY--   SO.. WE NEED TO MOVE THE ROVER TO THE SECOND WIFI   I MENTION THIS BECAUSE IF I START....THERE WILL BE TROUBLE...TIM IS TH E ONE TO STEP ME THRU IT..0N THE PHONE...  I WILL BE NEEDING TO TYPE IN A 10 LETTER/NUMBER PASSWORD THING...AND...   I AM NOT TOTALLY DEAF-- BUT IT IS GETTING ON THAT WAY--   THERE ARE ALOT OF EEE LETTERS  ---- BEE CEE DEE EEE GEE PEE TEE  VEE  AND  ZEE   THIS IS GOING TO COMPLICATE MY LIFE-- TRYING TO HIT THE TINY 1/8 INCH BUTTON IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION AT THE RIGHT MOMENT TO SPELL OUT THIS 10 DIGIT PASSWORD WILL BE THE CHALANGE OF THE DAY..   AND WHAT I REALLY WANT TO DO IS PLAY YUPPY WITH ONE PUP AT A TIME...  THAT CXOULD TAKE ALL DAY TOO...  BUT IT IS AN INSIDE WARM/COMFORTABLE SIT ON TH EFLOOR JOB..   TODAY IS THAT KIND OF DAY---- BEEF CUTTING -- AND SCHLEPPING PUPS TO THE ARENA   WE HAVE  HAD SEVERAL OFFERS TO VOLUNTEER... AND GINGER IS HERE...-  SHE SAID ONE OF HER GOALS IS TO KEEP THE KITCHEN CLEAN--  BOY THAT IS A NOBLE GOAL...   THERE  WAS A SMALL GROUP HERE YESTERDAY MOPPING THE FLOOR-- LOVE THOSE PEOPLE !  THEY EVEN SAID THEY WOULD GET US SOME NEW MOPS NEXT TIME THEY COME... THE GREAT BIG HEAVY JANATORIAL MOPS ARE TOO BIG-- WE NEED THE $2  WALMART VAARIETY ONES THAT HANG IN TH E SUN AND GET THROWN AWAY WEEKLY.   I WILL ADD THAT TO OUR WISH LIST--- WE GO THRU CARTONS OF THEM IN SPITE OF THE CHLOROX AND SUN...   CARDBOARDS ARE DOING WELL..   THE ONES COMING IN THE MAIL GET PUT ON  MY DESK-AND THEN INTO MY BACK POCIET.- AND YESTERDAY I WENT THRU  5 INCHES OF THEM ----- THIS IS A MONUMENTAL PROJECT  ---- THIS POO COLLECTION.   AND STEPHANI (AKA WASCOMAT WOMAN)  SAID THE HOUSE DOES NOT SMELL-- I DON'T KNOW IF SHE WAS BEING KIND- OR HAS MAL FUNCTIONING NASAL BITS.   JUST FOR YOUR REFERENCE...... LAST TIME WE BOUGHT 12 BAGS OF FOOD AT SAMS--  50 POUND BAGS    600 POUNDS    - IT FILLED THE BACK OF THE SMALL VAN... AND I HAD TO THINK "ADD WATER AND STIR"     I HAVE WATCHED-- PUT A CUP OF FOOD IN A BOWL AND ADD WATER  AND THE VOLUME NEARLY DOUBLES.. SO ADD THAT CONCEPT TO THE VAN FULLOF FOOD... AND YOU CAN APPRECIATE THE CARDBOARD REQUEST AND THE DECISION OT  ORDER A BIGGER DUMPSTER.   SOMEWHERE IN MAINE THERE IS AN ENTIRE TOWN BEING LIT BY OUR DOGGIE DO..   ACTULLY THERE IS A GUY  WHO DESIGNED A PARK'S LIGHTING SYSTEM USING THE METHANE GAS PRODUCED BY THE DOGS IN THE DOG PARK...   ANYBODY WANT TO TAKE THAT ON A S A PROJECT?  I WOULD LOVE TO TRY IT...   MIT WAS INVOLVED....  WITH 40 DANES  WE PROBABLY PRODUCE MORE THAN ANY  ONE BUSINESS  IN  NEW ENGLAND .   PETER REPORT... JOSH ADAMS WAS WORKING  HERE YESTERDAY AND REPORTS PETER IS DOING A FANTASTIC JOB OF BECOMING A DOG.-- THEY HAVEA COUPLE   LABS 2 HORSES AND 2 OF MY OLD MINI DONKEYS- IN  JUST ABOUT THE DEAD CENTER OF BOXFORD-   I MUST GET THEIR HARNESS BACK TO THEM-- WE USED IT IN THE PHOTO OF SANTA'S HITCH OF DANES FOR THE CALENDAR.. AND TEH WAGON MUST GO BACK TO  WENDY WOODS.. GOOD JANINE PROJECT OF THE DAY...   ON WE GO.   AT LEAST THIS IS NOT SNOW......YET
A moving type video to brighten your day I don't know about where you are, but it's been pretty awful weather where I am today. I'm talking heavy rain, wind, freezing cold, stormy :/ One of them was a really colourful and animated moving typography animation, it's really good. To be honest it's pretty useless if you watched it to learn the lyrics to the song as the words appear a little out of sync and there's a lot of changing angles and what have you. Here's the link... even if you hate the movie or think the song is lame just watch it anyway, lots of bright colours and cheesy imagery asscoiations. Introducing Me - moving type lyrics Until next time :)  
WHY STUDENTS SHOULD CONSIDER SUPPORTING THE STRIKE  Should University students be conflicted over lecturers׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ being on strike and cancelling classes? The point of being a student is to be able to engage in wider debate, look at the bigger picture and analyse issues that are beyond our individual concerns. But in an age where so much stress is placed on getting a good education as a route to a good job many students, like me, are panicking over missing lectures for two weeks with exams looming in two months׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ time.  An opportunity to discover the wider debate about the strike presented itself yesterday when I turned up for a seminar.  I had spent hours preparing for this lesson. At the entrance to university, I was stopped by two lecturers, pictured above, who asked me not to cross the picket line and to lend my support to the strike. I took the opportunity to speak to them. They explained how lecturers often accept lower salaries for the promise of long-term financial security in the form of pensions. This is a deal which they accept over a lifetime. So when pensions are axed it makes the career choice much less financially viable.   If lecturers are seen as being treated unfairly who, as one of the professors said, would consider becoming a lecturer among current and future students?  Academia becomes a rather unattractive choice as a career and current lecturers are likely to search for alternative employment.  The penny dropped for me. Students need to realise that this strike not only affects lecturers but also has serious repercussions in the long-term for the future of higher education in this country.  Channel 4's Dispatches programme entitled 'Britain's University Spending Scandal' highlighted to me the disproportionate spending of vice-chancellors on expenses. Obscene amounts were spent purchasing mugs, pillows, expensive wine and lavish dinners. There was even the ridiculous case of the University of Surrey spending more than ײ²ֲ£1600 on relocating their vice-chancellor's dog.  Why should lecturer's take cuts to their pensions, which form their financial security, when universities refuse to prioritise their salaries?   It seems that it's not the case that universities do not have the resources to support lecturers' pension but that they refuse to be responsible and fair with their spending. Universities pay ridiculously high salaries to vice-chancellors while lecturers face cuts. Take, for example, Bath University who paid the vice-chancellor almost half a million last year.   It is the same old tired situation of those at the top earning disproportionately large salaries whilst claiming it is necessary to cut pay to employees.  I have always wholeheartedly supported the right to strike and I now am convinced that students do have a responsibility to consider supporting this strike.  It should also be noted that the demands the strikers are making force universities to consider students as being more than mere consumers. Education is being monetised in a seriously debilitating manner. It is important that we are viewed as integral and valued members of university otherwise universities view us merely as financial pawns and our concerns will only ever be tackled from a financial perspective. Education is a public service. Lecturers provide a public service. Educated students and lecturers contribute to the skills demands of the country.   Lecturers who are on strike are not the enemy. We need to move closer to a more beneficial and fairer system of education.
My Cilly Fridge Day 2 folks!  As predicted, I was beside myself with hunger when I got home yesterday, as I got off the tube I felt like I couldn't walk fast enough to get to my front door, I threw myself into the kitchen and pretty much slam-dunked the muffin straight in to the toaster. It was nice, but small so (almost without thinking) I grabbed a packet of crisps to round off the meal, and half way through eating them I was struck with horror - I hadn't checked the packet, I wasn't sure that they were gluten-free! I had just supposed that they would be, could I have really eaten gluten on my very first day? With relief as I turned the packet over there was a gluten free sign with a tick next to it - phew. But come on, I need to be more careful than this.  So today, is the same as yesterday - the breakfast which I love, and the soup for lunch - which today was also accompanied with a small bowl of carrot and suede mash, OK a weird combination but I am just finding my feet with this... I did a Kettle weight class at lunch time so I had to have something more substantial than yesterday - so it's the muffin again for supper. It might sound boring that I'm repeating the diet almost exactly from yesterday, but you'll get to learn that I'm a creature of habit and this is just me getting in to my comfort zone.  Because I threw away everything that wasn't gluten-free it's perhaps a little sparse, but here's a picture of my Cilly fridge - hopefully I can update this over the weekend with some more exciting bits and pieces, and by that time I will probably need a few Cilly treats in there too,  I'll have to see what Waitrose has to offer in the way of their gluten-free section again.
Easter Bags Happy Easter everyone. Can't believe my weeks holiday from work has gone so fast. Went to the NEC Hobbycrafts show last weekend and had a great day with some great company and spent far toooo many pennies but got some really nice bits and bobs, new magnolia stamps, Sizzix die, distress ink pads, bling, sentiment die cuts etc, etc etc..see far too much. The highlight of the day was meeting with Chris, Kim P, Marlene and Sonia who I felt I'd met before but not sure where. All uber talented cardmakers check out their blogs and see for yourselves if you aren't familiar with their work. One of my purchase's was a sizzix bag die. I love little boxes and bags, So I've made a few, a couple for my two girls and a couple for the neighbours children. Theres not much to the decoration, i've just used stickers that I had in my stash but they look cute. I've filled them with lots of choccy treats and of course a little easter chick in each one. Hope you all have a lovely Easter
April already??? I've been quiet once again. I started a new job 3 weeks ago. A full time job!  And let me tell you..................the good old grey matter has been getting a work out! Unfortunately, because I had to take this full time job (due to both my husband and I both having casual jobs, we never knew what we had coming in the door from week to week and it was doing my head in), I had to give up my job at The Quilters Angel . I absolutely loved my job there and I loved working for Marion and Steph.  If I think about it too much I still get a bit teary.  I was one of the lucky people who could always say that they genuinely loved their job. I didn't leave because I wanted to, unfortunately it had to be done out of necessity. I am enjoying my  new job, albeit challenging.  It's something new,  with many new challenges ahead of me.   Three weeks training has just been completed and I have spent the last two days 'live' on the phones.  Now for four days off to refresh the grey matter and then on Tuesday, I'm flying solo!!!!  Talk about stressful. What else has been happening? Nothing exciting really but I have cleaned out my scrapping/sewing area today, all ready for a day of messing it up again tomorrow.  This will be the first creative thing I have done for quite a few weeks so I am quite looking forward to it. Hopefully I will have some photos to share soon. Oh well, I am off to cut out and start making some flanellette PJ's for my gorgeous nephew.   Till next time,  SUE
Reviving this blog and Women of Colour Network Last year following NOWSA 2013, a few women of colour created a new Facebook group to facilitate an ongoing autonomous network of women of colour in Australia for support and discussion.  The group has been very active and now involves more than 200 members, so we thought it was high time to revive this blog, which has been dormant since September 2010.  From the description of the new group: The term ‘Woman of Colour’ isn’t defined consistently, nor coherently across historical and cultural contexts. It is a mode of self identification and it is not ok to police other people’s identities. We'll be posting more in coming weeks, and we welcome those who have been involved in earlier incarnations of the Women of Colour Network to join the conversation too.
Medical this and that So, the latest on Chloe...  The good news is that masto is being rather quiet right now. We had an outbreak of blisters last week with her high fever, but other than that things have been good. She still itches every day and needs her meds, but it's manageable and doesn't seem to slow her down or hinder her play.  Regarding the high fever last week: as I've now had a chance to reflect back on the high fever and how it appeared out of nowhere and disappeared just the same, and I've also had a lengthy conversation with Chloe's pediatric mast cell specialist (who seems to know a lot more about nearly all peds issues than any of the other docs I talk to), I've reached the conclusion that Chloe had Roseola. I had no idea Roseola was so common in babies. And it pretty much manifests with a sudden really high fever that lasts for 24-72 hours and then disappears. Many times it is accompanied by a rash, but -- and here's the important part -- not always. Chloe didn't have a rash, so her pediatrician was hesitant to classify it as Roseola. But folks, I know my kid and I truly believe at this point that Roseola was the likely culprit. All of the pieces fit together. As for how she got the virus, who knows! It could have been licking the floor at IKEA or it could have been the nursery at Church. God only knows. I'm not going to put my kid in a plastic bubble to avoid such things.  Okay, moving past the fever to the other issue that we're dealing with: enlarged lymph node. Actually, it could be a cyst or even mastoiditis (which, despite its similar name, has NOTHING to do with mastocytosis or mast cells).  So, we're waiting to get into an ENT (earliest available appointment is in September). Since the enlarged lymph node (or cyst or whatever this is) has refused to shrink in size (1" diameter, going on 2 weeks now), our pediatrician wants us to have it checked out. The worst scenario is that we would need surgery to have it removed. And we all know how there is a special protocol for doing anesthesia and surgery with masto kids. So I'm hoping we don't have to go that route.  We'll keep everyone posted. Thankfully, this growth doesn't seem to bother her at all
Late post wowwww I was ssooo tired yesterday! i woke up after 7 hrs, just cause my body's so damn used to it...T_T  splitting headache + tiredness + sore body = no workout. i think my body's trying to tell me something...haha  ugh and (tmi alert)I got my period a week early. tired gurl + period = really tired gurl. combine with 4 major tests today= stressed and tired gurl. blech.  went grocery shopping today (AGAIN , r u rlly that surprised? LOL).  My Loot: -Stonyfield Farms ORGANIC SKIM MILK!!! HOLLAAAAA!!! woop! I got a dollar off too! -CHOBANI YOGURT- I finally stocked up again. I ran out. I waited for a sale. 5/$5. Yep ONE DOLLAR EACH. I bought ten. haha (or rather, what was left on shelves!) -Annie's Mac and cheese, indiv packs- there are 5 packets. it was $4. good deal. lol  didn't get too much- i'm pretty loyal to Trader Joe's for anything else LOL. Ooooo and Irish soda bread. tried a bite. it was pretty good!  Yesterday's Eats: bfast: 1/2 cup egg beaters, 2 tsp olive oil, 1/3 cup corn, 1 cup broccoli with coffee w/ creamer & agave (250) snack: 1/2 farmer's fresh cookie- so addictive! (100) lunch: rice w/ soft tofu soup, some broiled mackerel, kimchee (350) dessert: other half of that cookie lol, bite of soda bread, with coffee w/ creamer & agave! (150) snack: soda bread (100) dinner: 2 slices cheese pizza (500)<---- again, yes I know. but yummy authentic pizza. it was for a church get together. my turn to bring food. what else do you buy when u have to feed 30 people? lol  dessert: 2 fun size crunch bars, coffee w/ creamer & agave (180)  total: 1630
Look & Lean Behold, as the eyes of servants look to the hand of their masters, as the eyes of a maid to the hand of her mistress, so our eyes look to the LORD our God, until He has mercy on us. ג€”Psalm 123:2 (NKJV)  Do not put your confidence in your own strength, abilities, and talents. Look to the LORD. He has an abundant supply of all that we need. For in YAH, the LORD, is everlasting strength (Isaiah 26:4), power and wisdom. In our weakness, His strength is made perfect. Keep looking to the LORD our God, watching and waiting, for His abundant mercy and great grace. Lean on and be confident in the LORD, our provider. He will be your support and supply what you lack.
About Hello I'm Amanda Johansson.  I am a recent first class honours Media and Communication graduate, looking to pursue a career within the creative and communication industries.  During my time at university I have studied various different modules that have helped me gain experience within various different media fields. I have studied journalism, radio broadcasting, music industries and PR and social media. I have also completed various work experience placements such as Closer Magazine, and wrote various articles for blogs and community publications.  My main hobbies include reading and collecting classic literature (and a few good chick lit reads along the way!), writing, learning to play musical instruments and adding to my vast collection of clothes and beauty products. I also have various retail experience that I undertook part time in order to fund myself during university. Hope you enjoy having a look around, and please feel free to contact me if you would like any more information. 
Flat as a Pancake Triathlon Recap & Race Season Realizations I have once again been a bad, bad blogger not having posted in about a month.  Unfortunately, keeping pace (pun intended) with training and wedding planning plus my new position at work, has left minimal room for blogging.  So what have I been up to?  Well, on May 9th I posted about race season but since then I've had to minimize my goals, the sprain is taking longer to heal than I hoped, though most people are telling me I should be glad it's healing so quickly! I did my first 5k on May 18 and ran about a 10:30 pace, but definitely felt sore.  So I am aiming for one sprint triathlon per month and a few 3-5 mile races peppered in and still hope that once the wedding is over but before the honeymoon I can complete a half marathon. Here's to hoping.  Fortunately, my most favorite race of the season Niantic Bay is still on the calendar.  But first I had to make sure I still liked triathlon, despite the training, the cool awards and free t-shirts, occasionally right before race season, I start to think of all the downsides - early wake-ups, pain and soreness, ugly weather, etc. - so I wanted to get in an early race and make sure I still loved it. Normally I do a triathlon over Father's Day weekend in CT but unfortunately for the second year in a row it's cancelled so we decided to the Pantanella's Flat as a Pancake Triathlon in Staten Island, I've heard about it for a few years, but never was able to go as I was usually doing the NYRR mini 10K.  My fiance and I both signed up at the last minute in a now or never approach.  Here's the recap:  Pre Race We were so late!  A friend of mine was already set up and posting to Facebook before I was even out of Hoboken.  The bridge was closed so we had to turn around and backtrack, we just made it and were in the parking lot when they announced transition closing. I didn't get a chance to eat breakfast and swallowed some Nuun before starting.  Fortunately, I remembered everything. No chance to warm-up aside from the walk to the beach.   Swim Well, maybe not everything! Since we signed up so late, I had to have my mom FedEx my tri suits but there was no way to send the wetsuit so I went sans wetsuit. It was COLD!  But I got in anyway and pulled off a decent swim of 10:10. :) I had some trouble after the swim getting up the beach, I had the energy to run but sans sneakers in sand my ankle was pretty unstable. :(  T1 I think I stumbled around a bit not knowing the course and being freezing, I had half a mind to put on sweatpants and sit down but we put on bike shoes. 2:20  Bike I had been worried about the 3 loop course but it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, there was enough room to pass and I enjoyed watching the bridge get closer as I circled back.  Time of 43 minutes, need to work on my speed but not bad considering I'd just debated a nap.It didn't hurt to keep seeing my fiance on the course and keep cheering for each other!   T2 I think here I started to get worried as my ankle had started to hurt again and I was still freezing, but I changed shoes and grabbed my baseball hat and pressed on. 2:20 again.  Run I started out very slow, and was considering walking when my friend from the gym passed by and gave me (unbeknownst to her) a second wind, I did walk the set of stairs to the first water stop and had some water and pressed on to get to halfway, my fiance passed me at the halfway point and I told him to keep going, he had an amazing run and I finished with a 10:40 pace, not too far off my 5k time from a few weeks before.  I even managed a burst of speed at the end with some cheers from the crowd.  The view was great and it was - flat as a pancake.  Overall Great race, definitely had me eager for the next one, it was nice to be done by 10am and on our way home and headed to the Farmer's Market (see my breakfast below) knowing we'd worked out that morning. The weather was beautiful and it was well-run.  Maybe not my favorite t-shirt but nice to have pancakes at the end! Though I didn't eat any it's really cute, I can't eat at races until a few hours later. 
Olympics inspiration Okay, my husband is really into the Olympics - this is fine as I kind of like it too, and I like suddenly becoming an expert on things like diving or gymnastics - I loved sports at primary school and played badminton and netball for the school but my teenage years were a bit marred by teacher strikes and so  there were no opportunities for extra-curricular things like sports fixtures against other schools. What a shame such things were considered as extras that teachers and pupils had to do outside of regular school time!!  Anyway, I wish I had kept up sports but I hid behind asthma and I have paid for it ever since!  If only I had been active for longer in my youth then I wouldn't now need to lose so much weight (5 stone by the way).  I was going to a personal trainer until recently when I was made redundant and could no longer afford him, but I am making a commitment today that not having his support doesn't mean I can't work out!  I will blog again tomorrow after my home work out. Oh,and the hygge part?  Well I think for now it's about how I treat myself rather than how many candles I light. Lyttlestar xx
Dear Future Boyfriend (Whoever You May Be): Last month I made a list of things I want from a person I would be involved in. Now, being raised as somewhat of a spoiled brat, I've always been very used to getting what I want, and I suppose I assumed that life would always be that way. Not just in terms of material things, but that I'd get what I wanted from people, too; have romantic, fairytale love affairs and all that stuff. Most of the people that know me or have been involved with me usually marvel that I'm not more demanding than I am. As a girlfriend, I am peculiarly low-maintenance. I don't expect a man to always pay for me (I usually pay for them, actually) or to buy me diamonds or roses. That idea of romance doesn't appeal to me at all (unless it's a skull diamond ring, and flowers aren't so bad...). But I do expect certain things that I think any girl (any 'good' girl) is entitled to. These are a bit tailored to my specific personality quirks, and inspired by the LACK of these things I have sometimes experienced, but I'm sure it echoes the sentiments of others. The way to my heart: -I want a man who throws rocks at my bedroom window at three o’ clock in the morning.  -I want a man who always makes me feel like the most beautiful girl in the room. -I want a man who pays attention to me, and doesn’t even glance in the direction of other girls, who grabs my hand and says with his body language and his words that he is mine; someone naturally affectionate. -I want a man who would never be attracted to a mousy brunette, a man who prefers golden haired, long-legged beauties with blue eyes. -I want a man who I can trust; who, if he goes out with friends, I won’t worry that he's actually doing something else. -I want a man who respects me. -I want a man who appreciates all the little quirks and silly things I do, and loves me for them. -I want a man who defends me, and would never tolerate someone being mean or cruel to me. If someone was mean to me, I would expect him to tell him/her to fuck off. -I want a man who would choose me over anyone in the world. -I want a man who feels protective over me and my feelings. -I want a man to take care of and who takes care of me. -I want a man who truly feels and expresses that he is lucky to have me. -I want a man to drink champagne with, and who will take me to dinner or cook for me. -I want a man who gets me presents, even if it’s something small, even if it’s not something he buys but creates, just to let me know he cares. I don't care about price tags. That's what Edward Merrow is for! -I want a man who calls me out of the blue, not just when he is “supposed” to, even if just to say “hi” or “I love you”. If I am upset and hang up, I want a man who will know to call me back. -I want a man that would fight for me, who, if I threatened to leave, would try to do anything to keep me. I want a man who knows how to say “I’m sorry". OK, Lifetime-esque episode terminated. Of course, I need someone who I'm super attracted to and who looks at me and doesn't know whether to wrap his coat around me and protect me from the dragons or fuck me senseless, but that goes without saying. And someone who won't make fun of me if I happen to eat a pint of Ben & Jerry's in one sitting. I think it helps to make lists like this. Over the past month, I've really awakened to how unhappy I have been, and how much people have let me down. Why should I put up with that? I'm 22 years old. I'm hot, I'm sweet, I have better taste in music than, let's face it, everyone (or at least other pretty girls inclined to r n' r), I'm rich, generous, smart, engaging. I see so many people I dearly love (my best friends, my sweet little sister) searching for that person, or attempting to understand why it hasn't worked out with someone, and it's amazing to me. Guess what, men? WE are the prize. We have the pussy. We win. Time to start acting like it. Sound as ever, LKM
Just a life rant, feel free to ignore! hmmm, im only writing this as i feel that i need somewhere to well, rant, and not so much rant, but just let out what i thinking and feeling, so im not bottling it all up! now i dunno if this is normal, but at the moment im rele struggling with the whole concept of growing up, it scares me, i no longer live at home as my parents kicked me and my younger brother out, he lives with my nan, and i live with my boss, and i know i should be looking for a flat, but thats scary :( now both my grandparents are sick, ouir grandparents raised us, as we have dysfunctional parents granddad will never leave his nursing home, and now they want nan to go to one, :( but my brother lives with nan at her house, and now shes being  taken away, so i have to deal with him, and he has behavior issues, and i have depression issues, so i get sad cos he gets angry and then he gets angry at himself for making me sad, horrid circle, and i just wanna rewind time to when i was abit younger to when all i had to worry about was what was gunna be in my sandwiches, sad to admit it, but i rele miss my dad :(  sitting here thinking about all i miss made me think about autie, now autumn is my rough collie, well should i say was my rough collie,  but when i went away for a year as a gap year, working, my parents made me rehome her, and i had a friend who lost one of her two dogs, so she asked to have autie, as autie and jazz are a similar age and she didnt want to get another puppy, but she is miles away and it would be unfair for me to visit her as she wouldnt know why i was leaving, but i miss her so much, we did so much together, and won so much, and she was my only friend threw a rather shitty upbringing, *crys :(* i just want to cuddle her and never have to let her go and i cant :( anyway, im all cried out, and have to go visit nan in the hospital and granddad in the home tomorrow, taking robert with me, so totally need my strength! night guys xx 
Reflection 2012  And I can't see the sunrise In the snow storm The clouds seem to descend ontop of the trees  They are so close a part of the ground you think they don't want to give up the  snow it has shaken to itself....thew winds bring some back....  And all around me changes,  As the weather As I slide into envirnoments I am blessed to see their  extremes, not so  different then those within others That are as uncontrollable to me as the winds of changing time....and till be  And still I am grounded, In the mornings In the unwavering All knowing Confidence and connection That I am  As I lay myself down, (I say this a lot now) lay myself down....means I care  less to hold on to anything I think and know a greater path is in the letting  go...which is also as much being here as the staying  I am grateful today to be called to this window seat, to be pulled so to tilt my  head ever upwards and find emotion , find words, find the pool of my   heart...... 
17th November 2010 facebook email You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination. As you can imagine Iג€™m crazy busy at the moment with the new plan but yesterday I sat and read the latest Weight Watcher magazine which has the new ProPoints plan in and I couldnג€™t believe it was the Christmas edition, actually made me realise it really is that close now. Iג€™m loving the recipes in their though, especially the one for Mulled Wine. Thereג€™s a very inspiring story from a lady named Nicola who says ג€˜Lifeג€™s to short to be unhappyג€™ how true is that statement! The quote at the top of the page is directed at anyone who feels that learning something new is too much like hard work, trust me the rewards will be well worth the effort. So far this week weג€™ve lost a staggering 417lb in my meetings thatג€™s 30 stone in just 2 days worth of weight loss! I received the following email yesterday which I think sums up how a lot of members are feeling about the change to ProPoints, so rather than try and explain it, I thought Iג€™d let the member do it for me with her email. - - - - - - - - -  Hi Bev, Hope you are ok, I am away this week so will not be able to attend the meetings - the good news this should be the last time this year. WW plan news Like anything that's different and new it can seem a little daunting especially if time is an issue learning a whole new programme - and that's what I found last week and so it was Saturday before I sat down to go through everything. I have the food and eating out guides and calculator and your sticky labels and when I started, I could not stop pointing up everything and looking through the books for low points options. I am eating better so that's a plus I have been aware for a while I was in a rut using my points unwisely just because as you said it was nice not filling. I really enjoyed your evening meeting last week and although I find it useful to weigh in the morning I am going to make more time for myself and come along to your evening class when I can as I really felt I got a lot out of it. I liked the idea of putting the ingredients list on to eSource and getting menus. I also like the fact that everything we do...eating all your points early in the day or even early in the week you have done and admit to so there's no pulling the wool over your eyes! Lastly I want to change to the monthly pass will it still be on offer next week? Regards, - - - - - - - - -  So as you can see it is worth putting in the effort, I think this member has summed up in an email everything that is great about Weight Watchers, the plan and the importance of staying to your meeting. Attending a meeting to get the diet folder and never coming back will not help you get to goal and be successful, thereג€™s so much more to weight loss and changing. I hope you all agree and I know I will enjoy and take great pleasure in helping your all on your weight loss journey to goal. Remember life starts now? Are you living yet? Youג€™re not alive unless youג€™re living!
Knitting While I Wait No baby yet. I'm 39 weeks today, so one more week until my due date and until I start getting really impatient for her to arrive. I'll keep you posted.  Today I had lunch with Amy, who surprised me with a beautiful gift for Rainbow -- this fuzzy flannel quilt.  As you can see, it goes perfectly with the decor of the nursery (which is just as well, because I'd be tempted to keep it for myself it if didn't!). The reverse is white with little pastel hearts, and you can see the swirls of the quilting a little better.  The quilt is super soft and will be great for both wrapping Rainbow up and putting it on the floor to cushion her. I fully expect that it will become her special blankie as she grows up! Thank you so much, Amy!  It was actually good that we met up today, because in the middle of lunch, I started coming down with a migraine (the first symptom of which is always a loss of vision on one side of my visual field). I couldn't very well go back to work when I couldn't see, and as Amy was on her way to Trader Joe's and Natural Stitches, she was kind enough to give me a lift home. Thankfully I was able to sleep it off and am feeling better, but it did put a bit of a damper on the day.  But enough about my headache. This is a knitting blog, right? I've been hesitant to start any big new project, so I pulled out an old WIP in the past week or so. Remember the sock yarn scrap blanket? I finished two more squares in the past several days.  This photo is pretty bad -- the outer border on the square on the left is is really shades of pink and purple with a bit of orange (it's Lorna's Laces left over from my Hederas). If my counting is correct, these are my ninth and tenth completed squares. My original goal was about 20, so that means I'm halfway there. The next square is started (in greens), but beyond that I think I'm going to have to get pretty creative with my yarns, as my scraps are starting to run low.  On Sunday, I didn't have much to do (well, the Mister wouldn't let me do much of anything, I should say), so I decided to throw caution to the wind and start a new project. I thought I'd stick to something small that could be completed pretty quickly just in case and something that would be useful. Mittens! The first one was finished that night.  The pattern is Corazon, from an old issue of Knitty. It'd been in my queue for a long time, and the yarn (Knit Picks Telemark) has been marinating in the stash long enough that one of the colors appears to have been discontinued. I'm a few rows into the colorwork on the second mitten, so I should be able to finish up the pair in the next couple of days.
Life is Good | Cocoa Vanilla Studio Hey everyone! Today I'm sharing a bright and colourful layout featuring two of my favourite Cocoa Vanilla Studio collections... Happiness and Bohemian Dream! This week our design team are going to be sharing projects focusing on the theme of holidays and vacations. I've documented a photo of my girls and I, taken when we took a trip to the the beach during the Summer school holidays. I love the way that the gorgeous bright colours in these two collections really complement the photo! I started with the reverse side of the Bohemian Dream Kaleidoscope patterned paper as my background, and then I added a strip of the purple side of the Abstract patterned paper down the centre of the page. To add some more interest, I also tucked a strip of the Happiness Good Vibes patterned paper underneath so that it's just peeking out the sides, and I added some extra detail to that paper by using a border punch along the edges of it. I matted my photo using the reverse side of the Adundant patterned paper, and then I adhered it towards the left hand side of the page, using foam tape for added dimension. Next I fussy cut a couple of the beautiful floral clusters out of the Happiness Botanical Bliss patterned paper, and I tucked these underneath the top left hand corner of the photo. I also tucked a tag from the Happiness sticker sheet under the left hand side of the photo, and I added a flair button to the cluster as well. To balance out the photo cluster on the left, I added another floral cluster over in the bottom right hand corner of the layout. I tucked it underneath the purple patterned paper, and I also added some extra die cut flowers into the cluster to give it some more depth and dimension. For my title, I used the Bohemian Dream Chipboard Title Stickers, and because it was a fairly long title, I decided to add this vertically on the page. I love how that looks! I finished the layout off by adding a couple of little word stickers and a few butterfly stickers, both from the Happiness collection. Thanks so much for joining me here today! I hope that you enjoyed taking a look at my layout! Until next time, take care! Mandy x
Day 2 So it's the second day of the 12 week challenge. I'm going well. I stuck to the program last night and finished the day within my calorie limit. Plus the food was good! And, I've stuck to everything on the program today as well and have been to the gym... yay me! Tomorrow is weigh-in day... I will post the photos of my Pandora bracelet tomorrow and will see if I get to put any beads on the bracelet. I last weighed in on Sunday so a loss of more than 2kg would be great but unexpected. Fingers will be crossed though! I have managed to curb my after lunch sweet craving by having a cup of tea with 2 sugars in it straight after lunch. I plan on reducing the sugar levels gradually but for now, taming the sweet tooth is more important (well I think so anyway!)
THE PERFECT DUO FROM THE BODY SHOP  For a while I have been lusting over two products from The Body Shop, then when I saw that they sold them together in a little set I was very close to buying it but in the end I didn't get it. Then recently for my birthday, my best friend kindly gave it to me as a present which I was so happy to receive as she knew that I had been wanting it. So after a few weeks away from blogging, now I am back and I am going to be reviewing The Body Shop Flawless Finish Collection.  This duo includes the All In One Instablur primer and the All In One BB Cream. These two products have been on my wish list for such a long time as I'd heard many good reviews about them. If you buy both of them separately it is ׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ²׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ£26, but in the set it is ׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ²׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ£20 which I think is quite a good deal! The packaging of both the products is very easy to use as it is a tube that you simply squeeze.   I'll start with the BB Cream, it reminds me slightly of the L'oreal BB Creams as it squeezes out as a white consistency which contains pigment particles. So once you rub and blend it in the pigment particles burst and release the skin tone colour. It is very easy to blend and feels very lightweight on my skin. The coverage is fairly low which is what I would expect in a BB Cream, but it does give the effect of blurring out my pores and blemishes. It also gives a really lovely dewy effect which is going to be so nice in summer (when the sun eventually comes out - typical English weather!) I will definitely be using this product when I want a really natural, fresh looking skin day! I am very pleased with this product and will definitely be repurchasing it when I run out!  I've heard lots of good things about the Instablur primer, and it's fair to say that I have not been disappointed by it! It is quite a thick primer, so of you're not into that then I wouldn't recommend it. And it is also not very suitable for people with dry skin, as it has a matte finish. This means that it helps to keep my skin matte during the day and not oily, which is just what I have been looking for! The primer also acts like a great base for applying makeup onto as the BB cream blends really well on top of the primer. Both the products work really well together, and I would recommend you buy the set if you like the sound of these two products. I am so happy that I received this for my birthday as it is works so well and I am very impressed with the formula of the products! Thank you for reading!
Spread the rainbow I love rainbows. No, really. However much I wear black and kid myself I'm really cool, I'm a total sucker for anything brightly coloured. Extra points if it's sweet. Which is why these are the first cupcakes I made from scratch, frosted and photographed. I think this cemented my love affair with cupcakes. How can you not love this cupcake? It's simple too. Take a standard white cake recipe, or any light-coloured recipe and add colour. Rainbow Cupcakes Ingredients: 1 cup sugar 1/2 cup butter 2 eggs 2 tsp vanilla extract 1 1/2 cups flour 1 3/4 tsp baking powder 1/2 cup milk + 1/4 cup milk food colouring (red, yellow and blue are fine) Directions: 1. In a medium bowl, cream together sugar and butter. 2. Beat in your eggs one at a time, then stir in your vanilla. 3. Combine flour and baking powder well. Add to mixture and mix well. 4. Stir in 1/2 cup of milk until the batter is smooth. Now, add anything from nothing to an extra 1/4 cup of milk to make it moister. I usually add in a little less than 1/4 cup. Mix until it's smooth. 5. The fun part! Separate the batter into six smaller bowls. It doesn't need to be exact, just roughly the same amount in each bowl. Add in your dye. A lot of food bloggers that have made these recommend gel colouring. I don't know about that, but the liquid food colouring I used worked out perfectly, leaving me with incredibly vibrant colours. I started with half a cap of colouring the first time. Then you can do some adjusting, depending on the shades you want. 6. This is the time consuming part, pouring the batter. (You really don't have to preheat the oven until you're about half or three-quarters way through the cupcake batter. It will have plenty of time to heat up.) Split the purple between the 12 liners and spread so it covers the whole bottom of the liner. Move on to the blue and then all the other colours. While you're spreading the colour, be careful, because if you spread it too vigorously like I did sometimes, you'll go through into the next layer. Not a disaster, but I'd rather my colours stay separate. 7. Preheat oven to 175 C. Grease and flour your tin (or just chuck in some pretty cupcake liners). 8. Bake for 18 minutes and then check on them. They're fairly moist cupcakes. Extremely light cupcakes aren't so good for rainbow-ing. These are done when the top springs back when you poke it lightly. 9. Leave it to cool for a few minutes on a wire rack before taking them all out. Let them cool completely and make your frosting (lemon for me). Best Lemon Frosting Ever. (So far.) Ingredients: 1/2 cup (115g) butter, softened 2 tbsp lemon juice 1/2 tsp vanilla extract 3 cups (375g) icing sugar Directions: Mix everything until smooth! Add in extra lemon juice or icing sugar until you get the intensity and consistency you want. Frost your cupcakes however you want. I just plopped some on with a spoon and spread it. Make sure the cupcakes are cool before frosting. Otherwise the frosting will melt...yes, I do have prior experience with this. Enjoy. (:
On Hold Just a note to inform my readers that this blog will be put temporarily (I hope) on hold. Due to a major upheaval in my personal life and living arrangements I will be unable to maintain the blog, although I do plan on returning at some stage. Thank you to all my readers and followers.
Careful what you wish for Quite a few years ago I asked my husband to assist me to lose weight, it was vanity not medically necessary or anything like that. I didn't want him to run up hills with me (although at that time I was jogging quite a bit) or dine over plates of rice and vegetables and pretend they were delicious. No, it was much simpler; I set some weight targets and asked him to spank me if I didn't achieve them. Now I know that all sounds very contrived and I'll admit I've often sought ways, by hook or by crook to get spanked more, but my husband agreed at the time to do it only if the spanking was by cane because, he argued, it had to be a serious deterrent and he wasn't prepared to indulge me artificially. He was right. He did cane me when I failed to meet targets, it went on for several weeks and it did work because the canings were not erotic, he made sure they weren't. I lost the weight. Now, those who've met me recently know I'm not overweight but my weight is creeping upwards and has been for a couple of months. P says it's not a bad thing but I don't like my clothes getting tighter on me and I don't like having to take next-size-up with me to the dressing room when I'm shopping because, you know, after a while next size up becomes okay and you accept it as the norm and when you've bought enough new clothes you just wear the older ones less and so it goes on. So I asked P if he could assist me again. Logical as ever, he said self control was the best way and that I didn't need to lose weight in any case. I told him I did and if I produced a graph of my weight record since August he'd have a different view, and it was all one way, upward. I knew that would get his attention. He said 'go on then, show me' but I couldn't because I haven't done one but I did tell him my weight in August and my current weight, which is more than half a stone higher. And increasing, I added for good measure. He said he wouldn't spank me for being at my current weight because he thinks it's about right but he would consider spanking me if it went much higher...but also if it dropped back much lower so I should work on maintaining a sensible status quo. Then he disappeared upstairs, returning two minutes later with cane in hand. "If I'm going to assist you, you'd better have a reminder of what my assistance will feel like and we'd better be quite clear there will be no compromising. We'll agree numbers and that will be it. Now come over here." "P, I don't need reminding, I remember, we haven't talked this through.." "We've talked quite enough for me to get the picture and know what's needed and I don't want to confuse it with any misconceptions about your weight or my views on it. If you genuinely want my help you'll heed my views, accept my advice on self control and accept the consequences we agree on if it doesn't work". "Now come here if you want me in on this." "Ok OK but please just give me an indication of what will happen." I didn't want to lose his cooperation but I didn't actually want the cane either (who said that's a one-off). So I shuffled across and he put me firmly over the back of the sofa. I thought he might cane me over my jeans but then his hands came round my waist, belt and stud undone, jeans dragged down to my thighs. He told me to keep my hands flat on the seat and to stay in position until he told me I could get up and then tell him if I still wanted his help. He gave me half a dozen really hard stingers and fast too, hardly space to get my breath between strokes. I squealed out really loud at the last two and nearly dived forward onto the sofa seat. He told me to get up, my face was burning, I was furious and indignant I hadn't expected it so hard and I was stomping my feet and trying to pull my shirt tail down over my blazing buttocks which was ridiculous because nothing would put the fire out. I could feel tears forming as I stood there waiting for one of us to speak. It was him. "So is a deal on or off, and if it's on let's set a weight range and then dates or intervals for measuring over. And you know what you'll be getting if you screw up." There was silence for a while as I tried not to blink because I was sure it would let a tear roll down my cheek. "Well?" I said it was on and could I pull my jeans up now please and he hadn't needed to cane me that hard, and I turned away to do my belt back up. He said that was how it would be so I was under no illusion. Then he went and made a cup of tea and we agreed the details. There was no sex, which would I suppose have been inappropriate and I didn't fancy anyway. Just sensible conversation at the end of which he gave me a hug and said he hoped he didn't have to do that again and that my current weight is just great.    I thought later in the day that just having him genuinely like my current weight could be enough encouragement for me without the deterrent of the cane. We'll see. Ronnie xx  
Q&A Wednesday: Am I Going To Be Calorie Counting Forever?  Q: Hey Erika!  I have a question, I hope you don’t mind me asking. I remember reading an article you wrote in this subject but I can’t find it.  So have lost 20lbs calorie counting. Thing is…I have a LONG way to go…(like 100lb if not more to go)  Thing is, I’ve been thinking about the reality of counting every single calorie forever. I never want to be this big again, but how realistic is this? Is it something I’ll just HAVE to do? I am already absolutely fine with having smaller portions but I am scared that if I stop calorie counting and just try to eye ball it, even if I weigh portions, my weight might creep back on.  The issue I have is calorie counting recipes. It’s just so time consuming to count it all and divide it into exact portions.  I just cannot see my weighing lettuce leaves, grapes and cereal for the rest of my life. What are you thoughts on this?  I’ll link to the posts you’re referring to at the end of this post, but no, the goal isn’t to spend the rest of your life counting calories.  Honestly, several years after having written that series on calorie counting, the one thing that’s most clear to me is that it’s less about the actual math of calories and more about the lessons the counting should be teaching you.  Look at it like this. So much of processed food is manufactured in a way that removes the texture, forcing the food to form a nice, neat wad in your mouth, leaving no traces behind in your teeth to pick out with a pick or floss, and when it goes down your throat into your stomach, it forms this tightly-wound mass in your tummy that is extremely unfulfilling.  And then, you look back on how many calories that unfulfilling nonsense cost you, and realize it was way too many calories for you to still be starving so quickly after eating.  And then, you look at the serving size and realize you didn’t just eat one serving, you accidentally ate four because the brand reduced the portion sizes as low as they did in order to make the calories-per-serving amount on the label seem less scary… so you have to actually multiply those calories you added to your counter by four.  And then, you look at the nutrition facts below the calories per serving listing, and find that your chosen food had little to not protein in it at all for as many calories as it had, next to no fiber, and shockingly, even though you couldn’t taste it, more sugar than you anticipated. You soon notice that virtually all of the calories in the food came from carbs.  And then you look at the ingredients label, and spot that the overwhelming majority of the ingredients are just variants of flour and sugar, two of a handful of ingredients in this country that are insanely profitable for food manufacturers.  And then…. then… you say to yourself, “Wow, I can’t eat this like this any more.”  That is the real lesson to be learned in calorie counting. It’s not about an obsessive adherence to managing the calorie deficit necessary for weight loss—it’s about learning lessons about the food you eat, why it makes you feel the way it does, and whether or not it helps you achieve and maintain the goals you’ve set for yourself.  There’s a reason why vegetables are so important for weight loss—they are, for a very small calorie amount, hands down the most filling thing you can eat, on top of being incredibly nutritious. Inputting the 3 cups of kale with garlic and red pepper flakes that you sauteed in a little vinaigrette and realizing that you couldn’t even finish it all even though it was a good 600 calories less than your usual favorite fast food restaurant’s value meal is invaluable information.  It helps to give you a reason to say no to that food you love in favor of something that helps you get closer to your goal–how many times in life do we feel the need to say, “I know I love you, but you aren’t good for me, no matter how good you make me feel in the short term?”  I know that calorie counting, in the thick of it, is stressful and frustrating and eye opening and mortifying and, frankly for some people, can cause so much anxiety that it leads them down a path towards disordered eating behavior. However, I believe we look at it wrong.  Calorie counting, though it helps you stay in line, should be an exercise in exploration. For me, it was about realizing that the reason I felt like I could eat the entire pan of Betty Crocker scalloped potatoes—I talk about those stupid potatoes a lot, I know—because none of the ingredients were real. The fat, the real source of fullness, was all but eliminated. The protein, from the cheese and milk, almost entirely gone. For all the calories I was eating, for a dish that’s supposed to be potatoes and cheese and milk and spices (something I now know‚ I still felt like I could eat the whole pan. The first time I made scalloped potatoes from scratch, I could barely eat a quarter of the pan; the thought of eating the whole thing makes me sick as I type this.  As you’re inputting your details, ask yourself—was I full after eating this? Was it worth all these calories, when I could’ve had something more satisfying and, possibly, far more flavorful? Was this the right choice?  When you as yourself these questions, you are giving your brain new ways to value the food you put in your body. Did it fill you up? Did it hold you over until your next meal? Or did you go on a sugar high, crash, and then recover from the crash by eating something else sweet?  Calorie counting helps you maintain the deficit, but you also need to be using the information you get from reading those labels to help you understand the choices you’ll need to make to maintain your goal and to give you reason why you’re saying goodbye to the old—the old foods, the old portion sizes, the old everything.  Before long, these will be the choices you’ll make on your own, without reading labels or opening your phone. You’ll know you can’t order the pasta off the menu because you’ll know that white sauce is a smooth 500 calories on its own. You’ll know the bread is a bad idea because, combined with the fact that it’s made with dough conditioners that make it appear to have more heft than it does, it’s super-high in calories and very unfulfilling. (There’s a reason why it’s endless and unlimited at most places.) You’ll know that anything fried or sauced or breaded is a bad move—unless you really want it, in which case, dive in—and it’ll shape the choices you make. Why do you know? Because you’ve looked it up and learned your lesson.  So will you need to count forever? No. But you will sometimes find yourself needing to recalibrate, and that’s okay. Or sometimes, you’ll find yourself randomly gaining weight, and going back to plugging in your calories for a bit can help you figure out what’s slipped and where.  Use calorie counting as a tool to help you figure out your own personal path for maintaining your goal, and before too long you’ll find yourself naturally on cruise control, with your auto-pilot totally recalibrated to reflect your new understanding of how to eat. And, like I always say, your MyFitnessPal will thank you for it!  (Okay, that’s not what I always say, but it’s damned close. LOL!)
Weight loss update Writing about my weight loss journey is one of my favourites things to blog about. If you follow me on Instagram (@roshas) , you will know that I am getting married this year. Getting married has been the biggest motivation for me in terms of getting toned up. I joined the gym last year and started working out pretty intensely. I mostly go to workout classes as I find working out on the treadmill pretty boring. My favourites classes to attend are: body pump (a weight based workout which involves high reps), circuit training, GRIT cardio (high intensity interval training) and yoga. The gym I attend is a short drive from where I live and where I work, hence I have no excuse to not attend.  When I first joined the gym, my blood pressure readings and blood sugar levels were taken. My aerobic fitness level was also measured. I had these same readings checked four months later (after going to the gym at least four times a week) and my blood pressure dropped (it was never high in the first place), my blood sugar level dropped, and my aerobic fitness level improved so much that it was in the elite level (I am very surprised by this lol). This just shows that exercising is not just about how you look, but also about how you feel. Your body is MADE to move - use it. My weight only dropped by one kg but my body looked far more toned. Don't just rely on the weighing scale, as it does not tell you if you have put on muscle or fat.   I have recently started having personal training sessions, and to be honest, I wish I had started them earlier. My stomach has finally toned up after a few sessions. My personal trainer pushes me to my limit and does not take no for an answer, for example, I lifted a 24kg kettle bell which I never would have done before. I am also trying new exercises tailored for my individual needs. Moreover, my PT shows me how to do exercises properly, and tells me which muscles are contracting whilst I am doing them. I have lost a bit more weight too since started PT sessions - even people at the gym have noticed. My aim is not to lose much weight, I just want to tone up. At one point I did feel that I looked too thin, so I have started eating even more to stop myself from losing any more weight. Here is a before and after photo: The first photo was taken over six years ago, and the second photo was taken last year in November. If you read my original weight loss story, it took me about ten months to lose weight. Going to the gym has really shaped up my body. I am much stronger than before, and I feel more comfortable wearing dresses. I do find it hard to workout at home, therefore the gym is a great option for me. I used to do workout DVDs but I felt that it was harder to motivate myself to do them. Tips:   Remember, it's never too late to start being healthy. Pick yourself up and move on. I often have a week where I eat badly and avoid the gym, but I don't make myself feel bad about it  Start working out slowly, for example, aim for two workouts a week and increase this steadily until you do four workouts a week Get a personal trainer! It's expensive but it's an investment for your body. At the end of the day, you are going to be in that body for the rest of your life... Try to join a gym near your home and work - it helps with the excuses!  Get out of your comfort zone, switch up your workouts, aim to put your all in every workout  If you cannot go to the gym, then there are plenty of workout videos on Youtube. My favourite channels are 'Fitness Blender' 'Yoga by Adriene' and 'Pop Fitness'  If I cannot workout at the gym, I count walking 10,000 steps as a workout. If you have a smart phone, then download an app that counts your steps. I hope you found these tips useful! 
comfort food I was feeling a little sorry for myself. The weather was 20 and now it's 12 degrees celsius and my womb was crying out for some love. Oh it's good to wallow in ones own misery sometimes isn't it? Really settle into it. Try and catch a glimpse of your glum face in the mirror and it might just make you laugh again. However, we don't want that just yet, this feels kind of good for one night and it allows for movies like 'Eat Pray Love' and comfort food like mushroom risotto. What I wanted was mushrooms. I had a huge craving for mushrooms. I was planning to have them sauteed with white wine, butter and parsley. In the fridge I had left over white wine and I also had butter, but no blooming mushrooms... Unfortunately my local shop didn't have anything exciting. Just the plain old button kind. My dream was almost shattered, but then I found this! Thank goodness. All I needed to buy was an onion and chicken stock (of which Sainsbury's have the pure liquid kind). It's that easy. The bag includes risotto rice, porcini mushrooms and herbs. The only task in hand was to chop the onion, add the mix, add a large glug of wine, slowly add the stock, stir, add more stock, stir and finish off with a large knob of butter and a big old shaving of parmesan. Bellissima!
The accident My memories from the accident are scattered. I remember strange things that maybe didn't happen. I can't remember who went to hospital first but I know what happened after being told. Bel marito, upon seeing our son still and motionless called out to a friend and the tractor driver to rush him to the nearest hospital. There was no time to wait. He wasn't breathing. These two men are our heroes. They literally saved bel bambino's life. While driving to the hospital which was about 15 minutes away blood started to form in bel bambino's little mouth. The tractor driver who normally faints at the sight of blood pulled out a hanky from his pocket and with care pulled globs of blood from his mouth, allowing him to breathe again. They arrived at the hospital and jumped out of the car to be told that the emergency department was no longer operating and that they could do nothing to help the bel bambino. The tractor driver started yelling, telling them that he was going to die and they had to do something. They wouldn't. He called the emergency services who told him that they had sent a helicopter to Malito which had just landed and they would send it immediately to the hospital to collect bel bambino. While this was happening I was lying on the road waiting for the ambulance to come. I didn't know bel bambino had been taken away. I remember, above all, the pain from my ribs. I was crying or screaming  and recall a man with glasses standing by me telling people not to touch me. This may be all in my imagination as I am sure this man was a doctor...but he wasn't from the village so perhaps he was just a passing driver trying to help or maybe he was never there and I imagined this doctor standing by me. I don't remember where bel marito was either although he was close by. The ambulance came and I went to the hospital all alone since here bel marito was not allowed into the ambulance. I learnt many days later that bel bambino had gone in the helicopter alone too since again no one is allowed to accompany the patient. The ambulance was a rather quick, bumpy and painful journey. I remember they were trying to cut my bra and I got angry telling them just to take it off without cutting it which they easily did. The cut my dress but I didn't care. Bel marito was behind the ambulance with a friend and upon arriving learnt that the helicopter hadn't yet landed. Thankfully a good friend of mine had already made it to the hospital and she held my hand and came with me as I was raced up to the maternity emergency room. She knew the gynaecologist on duty so was granted permission to enter into the room with me. Thank god! The gynaecologist even spoke English and was asking me all sorts of questions but I couldn't answer. All I kept saying was that I felt an incredible pain in my ribs and side and all I wanted to do was sleep. Thankfully my friend knew everything about my current and previous pregnancy so she was able to promptly answer all the questions, while holding my hand and telling me not to fall asleep. I was terribly confused when the doctor asked me to sign the paper work for an immediate C-section. I don't want to give birth now, I told him. I have a C-section booked for the 14th of September, I said. It had never occurred to me that I would give birth at that moment. I want to wait for the baby, I said. I want my husband, I cried. Bel marito shortly arrived since by this stage bel bambino had arrived and had been rushed into the intensive care unit. He kissed me, reassured me and told me that I had to have the C-section, that it would be ok. I signed the paperwork and the last memory I have is being alone with the doctors and nursing staff in the operating theatre and me asking for the doctor to please check my ribs and side which were painful. He was smiling kindly at me saying just to breathe and that soon I would be asleep.
Proof Text Inconsistency  October 22, 2017 I’m over it! As an egalitarian, periodically on social media I am accused of not being faithful to God’s word, but compromising to culture. Here is the latest example: “Men and women are equal before God but have different roles. 1 Timothy 2:12 is clear. ‘I do not permit a woman to teach or to exercise authority over a man; rather, she is to remain quiet.’ It is vital that we stand on God's Word, not bowing to cultural pressures.” (1) The first thing to note is that this text is anything but clear, using the rare and ambiguous word authentein.  But secondly… I am yet to meet ANYONE online who doesn’t “compromise to culture” around the following passages. (2) Note these are passages that do not involve ANY ambiguous Greek words:  Romans 16:16 “Greet one another with a holy kiss.” 1 Corinthians 16:20 Greet one another with a holy kiss. 2 Corinthians 13:12 Greet one another with a holy kiss. 1 Thessalonians 5:26 Greet all the brothers and sisters with a holy kiss. 1 Peter 5:14 Greet one another with a kiss of love Anyone who believes they should “stand on God’s word” and not compromise to culture, should surely reinstate the New Testament practice of greeting with a holy kiss. This advice is stated: more frequently by more authors with less ambiguous words Than I Timothy 2:12 So what’s really going on? I believe what’s often going on is reading text through the grid of pre-existing prejudices. A person who has no experience of women in leadership, and no experience of mandated kissing in church, is likely to interpret I Timothy 2:12 literally, and the texts on kissing as figurative. Now I am personally quite comfortable with asking the questions “What principle is being expressed here?” and “What would be an appropriate way to express this in contemporary culture?” in relation to both kissing and women teaching. Complementarians seem to think contextualisation applies to kissing, but not to women’s leadership. All I ask is hermeneutical consistency. Most Complementarian don't seem to have the vaguest awareness they might be interpreting scripture through the grid of their own culture... the very thing of which they accuse Egalitarians! (3) Of course, the kissing example is simply illustrative; I could have used multiple other examples where biblical commands are interpreted away selectively. Has anyone else noticed the same phenomenon? 1 Honestly quite a nice and respectful one this time around... that hasn't always been the case in the past. 2 My Coptic and Orthodox friends do adopt the practice of the holy kiss, but they do not tend to weigh into this issue online. It's usually by Protestants who've read Grudem and Piper, etc. 3 Of course, they are interpreting through the grid of their patriarchal church culture.
Yves Saint Laurent Rouge Pur Couture Vernis à Lèvres Glossy Stain #8 Orange de Chine Yves Saint Laurent Rouge Pur Couture Vernis à Lèvres Glossy Stain #8 Orange de Chine - Debenhams/Selfridges - £23.50 The YSL Rouge Pur Couture Vernis à Lèvres Glossy Stain is a revolutionary product combining the effects of a lipstick, lip stain and lipgloss. In a range of beautiful shades, this product claims to add colour to the lips for what has been described as 'an annoyingly long time', which in my opinion can never be a bad thing! When applied you should be able to eat, drink and carry out your daily duties without any colour budging, whilst also showing off a long lasting, non sticky, glossy shine.  Despite its tongue twisting name, this YSL lip stain is perhaps one of my favourite beauty buys of the year. Pretty bold statement but honestly, this is just what I've been looking for for some time. I went for the beautiful coral shade of Orange de Chine which changes slightly in different lights; more red at times and a stronger tinge of tangerine at other times.  My pet hate with lipsticks is the feeling of cracking, drying or generally being too matte. To overcome this I sometimes add gloss or a balm, the only downside is I can't stand the stickiness or the thought of my hair getting stuck to them, how horrendous. This is where this product shines for me. After applying one coat with the wonderfully precise applicator I wait for one minute for it to dry, resisting the temptation to rub my lips together. This, for me, is the base of the stain and would generally be fine for a day to day wear. However, for more depth of colour, I add a second layer which also enhances the glossy shine and shows off its full potential. The result is a pair of long lasting glossy lips without the feeling of any stickiness. Magic! Would I repurchase? Absolutely, I'm already debating which shade to pick up next!
THE PEACE OF REMOTE PLACES Girl on Farm  The below video reminds me of growing up somewhere small. I grew up in a town of 2500 people. Everybody knows everybody from the day you're born until you die. Everyone knew who my parents were, who my siblings were, and all of my relatives and I knew theirs. Life is slower, simpler, and for the longest time I hated it. When I was a teenager I was raring to go, to leave it behind and enter the wide world and explore. I needed to see new places and explore the world out far away. So I did. I moved, and I traveled when I had the money, and I still crave adventure. I still crave the newness of places.  The difference is, I always feel at home in remote places. Places of quiet lives. Places of simplicity. Being the child of a farmer wasn't easy. I had to do a lot less work at the farm than all of my brothers, but we weren't rich kids. We couldn't just take up and leave whenever we wanted, because my stepdad had lots of work always waiting for him. But we had fun. We learned the value of hard work, and the value of a brilliant sunset over the fields of alfalfa in southwest Utah.  I learned that everything isn't always handed to you when you want it, and that is ok. I learned that there is something to accepting life for what it is, and letting go of the need to control.  This video is a beautiful reminder of the life I will always have respect, and love, for. My heart feels peace watching this, and it is a similar peace to when I am in less crowded cities, small towns, and simple-lived lifestyles.  "We are all in the midst of the painstaking, glorious process."  + Does it make you feel peace, too?
A Body To Lie For I know everyone and their dog knows about the horror that is photoshopping in magazines nowadays, but I've never given it much thought beyond 'yeah, duh, of course they don't really look like that'. And to be honest if I was going to be in a magazine, I would be grateful for some photoshopping 'help'... thinner arms... more even skintone... smaller cheeks... HOWEVER today I was browsing the Huffington Post (which, if I can take a moment to plug it, I really love) and I saw a story on Kourtney Kardashian (whom I am normally oblivious to, never having watching her show) relating to her 'post baby body'. I really hate these stories, by the way. They are the most irrelevent piles of crap, just making people feel insecure. Because without a trainer to wake you up at 4am and crates of wheatgerm smoothies delivered to your door, there is no way you are going to lose 2 stone in a month. None. Anyway. I deviate. The image on the front of the magazine is on the right, and on the left is the original, before they let the picture department loose on it:  They have literally just erased her stomach! I am so appalled. How magazines can try and sell themselves with completely fabricated stories, I don't understand. So not only is this story advertising an already highly unhealthy view of weight loss, the example they are using hasn't even happened! They may as well have Beyonce on the cover, telling everybody about how happy she is since she learnt to fly. And not only did they remove her baby weight and then try to pass it off as the result of a diet, they changed the colour of her top... and her head. HER HEAD?! What the hell was wrong with her head?? Sigh.
Seasons Greetings Happy Christmas!  As I always like to be ahead of the game, I thought I would get my first Christmas make completed, to avoid any last minute panic, or at least that's what I'm claiming, rather than admitting I was trying to get this quilt finished for last Christmas and I'm 3 months late! I have a seemingly massive collection of Christmas fabrics, so I decided to make a fun Christmas quilt for each of my girls, this first one is for the youngest, and has a fleece cuddle backing I got from Plush Addict at the end of last year. I debated whether or not to add batting, but decided I really liked the extra weight and warmth it provided, so it was included.  It's quilted using a big zigzag stitch (which reminds me a bit of Christmas crackers), and the 13 by 13 squares measure up at a healthy 141cm square. The binding is a fun red stripe I got from The Fabric Guild a couple of years back for just a couple of ֲ£ per yard,  and I think gives it a fun frame. The big question now is, will I finish the other Christmas quilt in time for this year's festivities,  it's a tight 9 month deadline, I won't make any promises... Ange x
Round 2 Insanity: Week 2, Day 1 Today was Cardio Power and Resistance, and it went very well! I've noticed that this round of insanity is easier for me. That doesn't mean it's easy... but it's EASIER than the last time. I think that's because of the cardio improvements I made over the year with my running. I've been pushing much more on my runs and it's showing in other areas. I can actually do those ridiculous tuck jump things landing *softly* on the ground. Thank God I live on the ground floor! My neighbors would not be happy with me!  I'm going to make myself some healthy tacos for dinner tonight. I have lean beef and some taco seasoning to make the filling. Avocados are great right now, so I got one of those, a lime, tomato, red onion, and cilantro so I can make guacamole. Add a little salsa and a whole wheat tortilla, and you're all set.  There are some other great seasonal items at the store right now: strawberries, blueberries (not yet from NJ, but still good!), asparagus... I'm loving it! Pretty soon there will be an abundance of tomatoes and cucumbers so I can make a nice tomato-cucumber salad. I like to take those two together, add some light balsamic vinaigrette, some fresh chopped basil, and maybe some red onion. Hooray for summer!  Also, checked in on my weight today, and I'm getting closer! I am two pounds away from the hitting the 140s. Holler!   Enjoy the rest of your holiday weekend! Be healthy and safe! And say a little prayer of thanks to all those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for us... today is about them. God bless!
Looking For Appetite Suppressants? Look Here Then... Looking for Appetite Suppressants? Why not check out my published ezine article: Apparently we are ALL a nation of FOOD ADDICTS! At the time of overeating and gorging ourselves the overwhelming desire, at that point, to eat, is far stronger than our extreme desire to be slim. We do all the right things, diet, lose weight and exercise, follow a strict regime and then KAPOW... the unbelievable craving sets in and then our desire is only satisfied by a lonely trip to the local deli or 7/11 at 3am! Now, these cravings may be overcome by the help of appetite suppressants, weight loss supplements or diet pills, but only if you do your research and find the right ones. So, let us look at a few popular ones: Hoodia Gordonii - from the Kalahari Desert in Africa, Hoodia has been found to be a safe and completely natural plant food that suppresses hunger while providing an excellent source of energy. Although it looks like a small cactus, Hoodia is actually a milkweed and is classified as a succulent. Researchers have ascertained that this unique diet aid from the desert, with its rich history of use and safety, is a powerful energy source that will quickly take your craving for food away while leaving you feeling more mentally alert and energized, without jittery side effects. Acai Berry - one of nature's top superfoods, Acai (ah-sigh-ee) is a small purple berry from the Brazilian Amazon that has been found to be one of the most nutritious and powerful foods on the planet - jam packed with antioxidants, healthy omega fats, amino acids and dietary fiber. This is not necessarily an appetite suppressant, but a vitamin packed superfood, that increases energy levels and assists the digestive system, with lots more besides, making this a great aid for diets and weight loss . Natural Virgin Coconut Oil - has been hailed as a natural appetite suppressant & weight loss aid that does not strain the liver, first used in ancient civilisations in Asia. Unlike many diet pills, capsules or powders, which contain unwanted fillers or additives like ephedrine or caffeine, or calorie burning blends, this product may simply make you feel fuller and stop the cravings or hunger pangs. Green Tea Extract - there have been a number of green tea weight loss studies done on the ability of green tea extract to lower blood sugar. This relates to our metabolism, energy levels and insulin production, and therefore may reduce cravings and help maintain energy levels. Alpha lipoic acid (ALA) - may also reduce appetite but it is primarily used as an antioxidant, a substance that neutralizes potentially harmful chemicals called free radicals. Alpha lipoic acid converts glucose (blood sugar) into energy. Water - of all things this is obviously the most natural (and cheapest no doubt!), drinking 6 - 8 glasses a day will help fill you up, and supposedly drinking a glass before a meal will make you feel full and therefore not eat as much. Undoubtedly there are many more, and what may suit one person may not suit another, but the choices are there and maybe the right one might just curb your addiction to food enough to stop that late night shopping trip! The products listed above are mainly appetite suppressants, there are many more supplements and diet pills that can help with weight loss, fat reduction, muscle enhancements, etc.. Go and check it out for yourself, see what fits in with YOU and your DIET STYLE. Please visit www.diets4weightloss.com, this is a great place to see many available dietary aids for you to investigate for yourself.
weigh in # 5 and apologies I am so sorry to everyone but as you know it's been a busy few weeks with Christmas and then I headed off to the states for a week on holiday, so I haven't posted in a long time. I've been continuing with my weekly personal training as well as trying various different diets and products which i'll update on shortly and was pleasantly surprised to return from my holiday the same weight. Since returning I've been using the Clean and Lean diet as Nigella had such terrific results on it.  The diet basics are to cut out processed foods and caffeine - cut the junk, lose the junk basically.  It's not been bad and i've lost weight on it, as you'll see from the image below. (classy matching socks eh?!) I'll update with a few product reviews shortly and a more indepth look at Clean and Lean. So considering Christmas and all, i'm down 4.1lbs/1.9kg since November with Christmas taking place and lots of eating in the states! Very happy :-)
Christmas scrub top A festive scrub top for work . Fabric: Jocelyn Proust for Spotlight and knit cotton Lycra from Lush fabric. Self drafted pattern. Next time make pockets deeper. 🙃
My secret to SUCCESS // My Daily Routine + FREE routine template Hey everyone!  Having just started sixth form, I have found myself over the last few weeks feeling stressed and disorganised. For a long time, I was confused as to why because usually I am on my game and on top of everything. Last night I realised that being at a boarding school meant I have abandoned the most important thing which got me through my GCSEs, the thing that helped me get majority A*s. I remembered last night that the secret to success is found in your daily routine.  I discovered this concept after seeing some videos on habit stacking. This is where you add certain habits to your daily routine e.g. after cleaning your teeth, you floss (flossing being the added habit). I have been asking myself "how do I fit all these extra things I have to do into my day?" and I realised that all I need to do is create a new plan!   At A level, you have your prep/homework, class work and individual study/what i call 'extra' which all needs to be done. Obviously, class work is done in class but you should once you get home (or to your dorm in my case) rewrite notes so that they are coherent or create corresponding flashcards. Doing all this in a day can seem overwhelming as there just isn't enough time. Or is there?  Here is the routine I devised last night for myself:  The secret to success is in your daily routine  06:20 wake up          read news 06:30 bathroom 06:50 makeup 07:10 get dressed          extra 07:30 dry hair 07:45 breakfast 08:20 do school bag 08:45 form           lessons 03:30 English extra 04:00 history extra 04:30 french extra 05:00 admin (rewrite notes etc) 06:00 dinner 06:20 light prep 06:50 roll call 07:00 serious prep 09:00 read  As you can see, I have managed to squeeze in my extras, my prep and my admin. The secret is to do little bits of work often, every day. You will find that it becomes so easy to complete your tasks.  Can you be successful? Easily! Just adapt your daily routine to accommodate everything you need to do. Make it work for you. Below I have included a FREE template routine so you can create your own.
Another Cilly weekend The weekend was relatively harmless, I had the breakfast on both days (of course). On Saturday I went to The Dean Street Townhouse for lunch, and was amazed when I was assured that I could have any of the main courses. I went for the burger (obviously sans bun) it was good, not amazing, but it did manage to fill me up for the rest of the day, so that made things easy. On Sunday I went to Leon for lunch, and although I had already been recommended to go there by another cilly, I was still amazed at how much of the menu was gluten free - and it felt good to be able to choose, and not be so limited. I opted for the very delicious and filling Aoli chicken with brown rice and coleslaw. Supper was seabass and broccoli.   Even though I don't necessarily feel like I am loosing weight, being cilly is definitely making me  eat more healthily, and fresher. I think because it's such a pain to check all the ingredients you tend to keep things simpler and then maybe stick to what you know and like. There will definitely be some things that when I stop being cilly I'll be looking forward to eating again (like some cereals) but I can't think of anything that I miss that much, but I will absolutely cut out a lot of the bread and more wheaty food that I used to eat that I'm not really missing at all.
Low Down The battery on my laptop is at 9% and I have left the charger at work, so I need to make this really fast ... no dilly dallying. I won a big meat tray in the club raffles tonight, but swapped with Blonde Bombshell for her prize of a Corned Beef because my meat tray was full of crumbed meat - gluten. Ugh. It was a winning night for me on the pokies too, so I'm a happy Chappy. We had a crazy quiet day in The Happy Abode, but I noticed this afternoon, that a lot of vans filled the caravan park and the Bowls Club was FULL of tourists tonight, so things may be picking up! Our local markets are on in the morning and that usually brings a few people to the shop afterwards. I'm excited that NRL football starts again next week! Yay for footy season! Adoring Husband and I have joined the club footy tipping comp and I've opened the family comp again. There are six of us who compete every year for the prize of 'dinner at my place'. My sister has still not claimed her prize from a couple of years ago. It's going to be a big day for me tomorrow. Work in the morning. High tea at Arkarra Tea Gardens in the afternoon. A 70th birthday party tomorrow afternoon/evening. I can't believe how social my life has been this year! It's exhausting! Sunday is going to be a complete day of rest and I'm going to need it. Right now, I'm off to bed. I need plenty of sleep to get through tomorrow. Nite all.
How to get the BEST workout? Q - Quick fitness question - I'm using the bike at the gym - and want to know how fast should I be going, for what distance and for how long ? To get the best work out? A - To get the best work out variety and intensity are the two most important variables.  So beyond how far or for how long you want to focus on what you're doing and how hard you're going.  A few good indicators are...   Sweat-  You have to sweat. Cardio-  You have to get your heart rate up (somewhere between 130bpm and 180bpm depending on what kind of workout you are doing) Comfort.  You have to get out of your comfort zone.  Not the whole time...  But you certainly cannot progress if you are always working within your comfort zone.   A little burn will go a long way.  PUSH YOURSELF.  And if you can't push yourself, HIRE A TRAINER! Some more tips... Intervals are good and within your intervals you can get some variety.  For example, one day (after a light-moderate 5 minute warm-up) do 30 seconds at a light tension as fast as you can, with 90 seconds at a slower pace over and over 30 on, 90 off.  The next workout you could do the exact same intervals but with the tension higher, still pushing as hard as you can for 30 seconds, and recovering for 90 seconds.  Then do a day with 15 seconds full tilt and 15 seconds full recovery.  For another workout grab a magazine and go at a steady (not too comfortable cause you always want to push it a bit) pace - just to mix it up.  A session with minute long all out intensity and then a minute recovery...  You could also do a session with a mix of all of the above - 5 minutes of short intervals, 10 minutes of longer intervals, then repeat but at a higher or lower tension depending on how you feel.  Like I said, varitey and intensity are key.  The question was specifically about riding the bike, but unless there are ankle/knee/hip or other muscle/joint problems preventing you from doing other activities, I highly recommend doing other things, other than just riding the bike.  Cross training is super important for many reasons.  So once in a while run on the treadmill or eliptical.  If running isn't your thing, walking at 3.5-4 mph on the treadmill at an incline of 10-15 is pretty intense cardio.  Skipping rope kicks a**.  Use the rowing machine...  The stepper....  Take a class...  Get out and kayak, hike, bike, run outside.  Hit the pool for some laps.  Do something different.  And of course, you should also be incorporating some kind of resistance training (if you're unsure about strength training, hire a trainer - that's what we're here for!)  I would elaborate on this one, but I've got to run out the door for a soccer game.   I will leave you with just a few more little pieces of advice:   MIX IT UP and KEEP IT FRESH!  Results are 80% nutrition.  NO WORKOUT PROGRAM CAN OUT-TRAIN A POOR DIET.
My First Week in Cairns: February 7th-11th I finally have my computer back! I have posted pictures to facebook but I will write more information here about what I did. I flew into Cairns, Queensland on February 6th with the rest of the Australearn program students. The first full day I was there we went diving/ snorkeling on the Great Barrier Reef on a sail boat called Passions of Paradise. It took about and hour and a half to two hours to get out to the reef on the boat. The water was very clear and the crew members told us that it was one of the best days they have had in terms of visibility and currents. I was one of the first groups to get my gear all set up. It is required that everyone wear "stinger suits", which are these blue body suits which cover everything including your head and hands. The first dive was amazing! The diversity of fish and corals and the colors of the reef were so wonderful. I was really in awe the entire dive. Unfortunately I got stung by a jelly fish on my forehead...the ONLY place that wasn't covered!! The dive master put some vinegar on it after I got out of the water. It wasn't a bad jelly though which was really good. It is stinger season here in Northern Queensland, which means that there are a lot of box jellyfish and the irukandji jellyfish. Those two are the most poisonous in the world. On the first dive I also saw a small white tip reef shark, which was really awesome. I tried to get a video of it, but I guess I got too excited and only got two seconds of it! I also saw three clown fish at their anemone and a really brightly colored giant sea clam. On the second day of our time in Cairns we had a free adventure day. We could pick anything we wanted to do- either a tour or just hang out in Cairns and do whatever. I chose to do a Jungle Tour. During the first part of the tour we went to a wildlife sanctuary and got to see koalas and kangaroos. We also saw a cassowary, which is a huge endangered bird in the area. It only lives in the Queensland area. It is known to be an aggressive bird and has even killed a person with the sharp horn on its head! After the wildlife park we drove about an hour and a half north up the coast of Australia to the Mossman River, the Daintree River, and Cape Tribulation. The first stop was the Mossman River. We took a walk around the area and saw part of the rain forest. Then we were able to swim in the river. It was SO COLD and the currents were pretty strong in some areas. The guide and a few of us had "swimming competitions"...basically seeing if we could swim across the river to the other side- it doesn't seem that hard but it was really tough. After the river swim, we headed to the Daintree. Here we had lunch and tea and then took a river boat ride down the Daintree. We saw lots of mangroves and we were lucky enough to see a crocodile in it's natural habitat! After that we entered the Daintree National Park and took some pictures of the forest and the river entering the ocean. After the Daintree, we headed to Cape Tribulation, which is located in the Daintree National Park and the Wet Tropics World Heritage area. Cape Tribulation was named by British navigator Lt. James Cook on the 10th of June 1770 after his ship hit a reef (what is now known as Endeavor Reef-named after the ship). Cook recorded "…the north point [was named]Cape Tribulation because here began all our troubles". We drove to Cape Tribulation beach and walked around for a little while and then headed back on the bus home. Above is a picture of this crazy spider we saw outside the girls bathroom at Cape Trib Beach At the beginning of the beach to warn against marine stingers like the box jelly! On the way home we stopped at a few places: the first place we stopped at was to look at a place called Snapper Island. It's called snapper Island because it looks like a crocodile. Where we stopped conveniently had a crocodile warning sign in the area, which makes the picture pretty funny. We next stopped to take a pictures of the landscape back to Cairns. The third day in Cairns we volunteered at the Kuranda Conservation Community Nursery. Here we helped re-pot rain forest plants and plant trees for the cassowaries. The nursery contains many native species which provide plants for ongoing projects and activities including re-vegetation. These plants are required for the preservation of cassowaries, which is an umbrella species; if the cassowary survives then the other fauna and flora of the region will also survive. It was pretty cool to be able to give back to the community in the country I am staying in for a few months! Below is a picture of me and my friends at the nursery. From left to right: Jess (from RI), Me, Margo (from KY), Nicole (from SC) At the nursery I also saw a St. Andrews Cross Spider and a green ant nest. The spider is non toxic to humans, but it looks pretty scary. The green ant, also known as a weaver ant because of the nest it weaves in trees, secretes formic acid as a defense against predators. The ant is harmless and produces a low level of formic acid, so a popular thing to do is pick up one and lick it's bum (where it secretes the formic acid) to taste the sour of the acid. I did this during the jungle tour the day before!!! Another fun fact about these ants is that if one gets injured, other neighboring ants will assess the ability for the injured ant to recover. If they determine that it cannot be saved they will immediately kill and eat it. If it can be saved they will work on fixing it and cleaning it from the injury. Pretty interesting! The fourth day we went to a place called RainforStation Nature Park. Here we met some Aboriginals and saw various performances having to do with their culture: a spear throwing presentation, a didgeridoo performance, boomerang throwing (which I got to try it out!), and a dance presentation. Didgeridoo Playing Dance Presentation Turns out, one of our leaders for the week in Cairns, Steve, got chosen to learn the Aboriginal dance and perform in front of everyone-before the show started he was talking about how he "could dance just as well, if not better than the Aborigials"= karma :-P After this went on a river boat cruise in the forest and then off to see the python snake, kangaroos, dingos, crocodiles, and baramundis (a delicious fish to eat here). I first got to hold the water python and then was fortunate enough to see a kangaroo with a joey and a koala with its baby too. After that we saw a massive crocodile get fed it's lunch and got our pictures taken with a koala. Busy day. The babies name is Tim Tam- named after a kind of cookie here in Australia- he belongs to AustaLearn and we helped name him I seriously almost died of happiness when I saw this mother and her joey The night before our fourth day in Cairns, me and some of the girls went out on a party bus for the night bar hopping. A lot of the AustraLearn students went and we had a really fun time dancing and meeting locals. We left the hostel at dusk and on our way there saw a big group of fruit bats. There are some bats here in Townsville but I have not seen them as numerous as in Cairns. From left to right: Jess, Margo, Nicole, Me, Francesca, Melissa On the fifth day we left Cairns for Townsville in a greyhound bus- the trip took a total of about 4 hours, of which I slept mostly because I took Dramamine. In the next entry I'll talk about my week of orientation and first week of classes- coming soon! Cheers!
Is she beautiful now? Hello, everyone! So yesterday I attended a literary award ceremony, because I placed Highly Commended on my poetry division! Mom has told me that a lot of people want to read the poem so here it is: She's a little girl It's summer and Her hair is long and tangled Her cheeks are strawberry red Her eyes sparkling A smile dimpling her face She looks up to her mother A figure of Beauty Power Sophistication And says "I want to be just like you!" Is she beautiful now? She's a teenager Young Alive The smart one The social one The fashionable one She sits with her friends at their Favorite Pizza parlor And says "I'll have a salad, please" Even as she looks Longingly At the melted cheese and pepperoni in front of her Is she beautiful now? She's out of school Sizing up her competition Applying for jobs And getting No Response She threads And waxes All the hairs off her body Applies all the makeup in the world But even though you can't see it It's still there Her skin is red Is angry Is she beautiful now? She tries some more Finally Finally She finds a company that wants her A weak smile from her lips Doesn't reach her eyes She's tired Hungry Her face pale against the Dark makeup around her eyes Is she beautiful now? The first thing they say When she walks in Is "Take off your shirt" "Take off your bra" Take off Your Dignity But she can't say no She needs this job She peels The shirt Off Is she beautiful now? She is at a dinner party Toasting her success And then retreating to the bathroom Back arched She sits on the ground And vomits Her mascara streaming over her face Because she has to She has to She has to… Is she beautiful now? She is called to the runway The last one to walk She's glittering Fake sparkles Plastered to her body She steps Onto the stage The world tilts Her ankle twists She falls And doesn't get back up Is she beautiful now? She is in the hospital The makeup washed away Her face gaunt Purple circles under her eyes Her ribs stick out against her skin The doctors say "You're malnourished" Her employer says "You're fired" And she thinks She wonders Will she be beautiful again? I'm a published author now! YAY!
2 Days down I'm learning that going to the gym in the morning is by far the most convenient time. Unfortunately, I have trouble waking up. But evidence of how Thursday and Friday played out, I need to get better at my discipline in that department. Also, after having lost 20 lbs and gained back 15, I'm becoming increasingly more discouraged because my activity level has gone up...not down. I've decided that its time to make some diet changes (again). No soda or juice, and I'm going to focus on getting my 5 fruits and veggies in a day. This is gonna get tough...lots and lots of discipline. As for today, its time to go to the gym!
All Work and No play............ Makes for a very grumpy ME!  Four months ago I started a new full time job after working casual jobs for the past few years.  Sheesh, what a shock to the system.  I come home, do what I have to do and then once I sit to have dinner with the Family, that's the end of me.  Too tired and unmotivated to do anything.  The tiredness is improving, finally, after four months, and I am starting to push myself to do things for myself rather than sitting in front of the television and not even aware of what I am watching. I have recently finished a Doodle of sorts, as a commission and I would have to say I am quite happy with the way it has turned out.  I apologize for the quality of photo but my camera is on the way out and it is the best photo out of a bad bunch. I LOVE to doodle and this particular piece was in my favourite colour as well which made it all the more enjoyable to do.  I find this form of 'art' so relaxing and I am able to switch off and just enjoy the process. I have a couple of other pieces on the go at the moment and I will share once they have been completed. Zentangle1 Till next time, keep creating! SUE
First time for everything... well, this Saturday just gone was a first for me. I went out, all by myself. Usually if friends bail on me last minute, or I can't organise anyone to come along I will just not go either... but I just must've gotten to the point where I am done with that, sick of missing out on things I want to do etc so I thought to hell with it and went solo. My theory is, anyone who would judge me for being somewhere alone isn't worth knowing anyway. The great thing was, I didn't have to organise way in advance just to get a friend to come along, I didn't have to leave early because they weren't having as good a time as me, and I got to meet lots of lovely new people. Thankfully I did know some other people who were there so I guess technically I wasn't by myself as I had the shelter of their friendship should the awkwardness get to me - but they all had their own things going on and I kind of floated around checking in with them occasionally.   I ended up meeting lots of new people (even some who live near me, shocker!) and they were all so nice that it really made my night. Sure, alcohol helped ease me into things much smoother than if I had stayed sober but I think I would've gotten there eventually - it just sped up the relaxing process. Overall, only having to look out for numero uno made it into a much easier night out... and everyone I met has some interest in the same things as me which makes for a change considering I generally have to drag along one of my friends who although don't dislike the music etc I like, definitely doesn't enjoy it to the extent that I do.  Where did I go, all on my lonesome you ask? Apologies... I have serious Monday brain. I was at the Second Annual Dia De Los Muertos Fiesta... It was held in an industrial area in a big truck yard and there were plenty of hot rods, kustoms and classics along with several fabulous bands from all around Aus. I didn't actually take my camera along (was running late and completely spaced) but one of the gentlemen I met on the night snapped a few pics. Excuse the poor quality of these pics - they were taken on a mobile phone... I think that night really did it for me... I have firmly decided (which believe me, firm and decision in the same sentence is a huge deal!) that I need to make more of an effort to do the things I love and attend the events I am interested in even if it means doing them alone. At this stage, I don't even care if I get some stupid nickname along the lines of "solo sally" lol, I just want to surround myself with the things I appreciate and other people who do also. I did make another kind of resolution on the night too... a friend of mine is keen to do swing lessons (of which I have wanted to do for some time but once again, didn't want to alone) so we are going to start next year. All going well, I find a job in late January (I am losing my current job in Decemeber as usual; but am off to Perth for a couple weeks after) that will allow me to do lessons once a week. As queasy as it makes me to be considering dancing in front of people (without copious amounts of alcohol involved) I think, once I get into it it will be fun - and much like when I was doing burlesque I do not plan on taking it too seriously, its just a bit of fitness/fun. Next on my list (as it always seems to be) is sewing... My machine has now been in the box under my stairs for near on two years which is mighty depressing.  Anyhoo, any Perth bloggers who happen to go to Deville's Pad - I am finally going to get to check it out in January :) and best of all, I know I will like the band! Adelaide's 'hottest swing band' Lucky Seven will be swinging Deville's on Friday 13th of January, and since I am going to be over there anyways I am planning on going along. May even meet some of you there :) 
Day Three - a 3.4kg loss and my first bead!!! :o) Today the scales said... 119.0 which is a terrifying number in itself but 3.4kg less than what they said on Sunday. Yippee!!!  I am feeling in control and strong and loving it. Lunchtime today was a bit of a struggle, I had a nutritous curried egg sandwich with lettuce and snow pea sprouts which was very tasty but not nearly as delectable as the chicken curry my boss was eating at the next table... *sigh* I must be strong, I must be strong. I finished lunch with the traditional tea with two sugars... I'm still a tad hungry but will get up and get a glass of water to help satisfy my grumbling belly.  Spring has sprung here in Sydney and it's helping me smile. Nice sunny days are much better for the soul even if one has to go to work.  Ooh and the best bit about my weight loss is that I earned a Pandora bead!!! It's silver and has little squiggles on it and I think it's pretty cute. A photo of it is at the top of the blog. Just 0.6kg to go til my next one! The other photo is the plain bracelet. I went for the oxidised one as this is the one I like the look of the least and spurs me on to fill it.
Here for Life...I think Today's post is a query: would you move to another country after this?  Sounds exhausting.  I've already lived in 5 countries, and it's hard enough to pack up and head out with a couple of suitcases and a few extra boxes of stuff.  I can't even imagine moving house, much less to another country.  Sure, it would be nice to experience a new place for more than a few weeks at a time, and if I had a chance to live and work somewhere for a few months, I might leave my husband to his own devices for a short while, but another proper move just wouldn't happen, unless there were very extraordinary circumstances.
5 dorm room items you NEED  In about one week it will be time for you to start your college experience, and you want to make sure you are fully prepared. When dorm room shopping it is obvious that you will need mattress pads, shower caddy, and comforter and sheets (Twin XL). But there are some items that aren׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t so obvious and are definitely necessities to have so you can have the best dorm ever! 1.  Bed Risers- Depending on the college, the bed in your room might be low or high. If you prefer to have it high and it is low then you can get these bed risers to raise your bed. Normally colleges do not provide you with bed risers so you will have to buy them yourself. I personally am lifting my bed to give me more storage space under my bed, because the more space the better. The best place to purchase these are from amazon.   Image result for command strips  2. Command strips- If you are living in a dorm and you want to add decorations to your wall the best thing to do is use command strips. The reason you will want to use command stips instead of nails or tacks is because colleges will make you pay if there is any damage done to the walls once the year is overl. SO i highly recommened command stips, they are the best! These can range between 3-10 dollars on amazon.  Related image3. A cube storage unit- There are a lot of different kinds of these in stores such as Target, ikea, and walmart. I personally got mine from walmart because it was the cheapest option, they have 6 cube ones and 16 cubes for a little bit more money. I also used fabric storage bins inside of the cubes to store clothes and food. Like I said before, it is very important to have tons of storage!   Image result for mini keurig4. Keurig mini coffee system- If you are the type of person that always needs to have coffee either in the morning or at night to keep you awake this is the perfect thing for you! It׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s small and doesn't take up a lot of room so it׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s perfect for your dorm room. They range from about 60-70 dollars on websites such as amazon, target, and best buy.   Adel 16" Desk Lamp5. Desk lamp- You need something on your desk that can be used for many purposes such as this desk lamp it serves are a lamp for when your doing your work and also has usb ports so you can plug things in on your desk. It is very helpful and inexpensive! I personally got mine from TJ Maxx for very cheap and it׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s a great lamp!
Just Do It  If you'd told me a year ago that by the time July rolled around again, I'd be going to camp as a counselor, well . . . I probably wouldn't have believed you. I'm an introvertג€”we don't like stepping out and doing new things, especially where there's people involved.  So when my sister asked me a couple months ago (okay, no, begged is more like it) to be a counselor at camp, well . . . my initial reaction was no way. No way was I going to go ride herd on a bunch of kids. No way was I going to sleep in a room with 10 other people (not to mention share one bathroom with that many). No way was I going to put that much responsibility on myself when the only remotely similar thing I'd done before was vacation Bible school at church with about 20 kids total.  But something kept me from outright telling her no. I put it off: "You know that's not my thing." "I don't want to." "What's it worth to ya?" "I'd need more information about it first." And I was convinced that stalling long enough would eventually put me past the deadline and it'd be too late to send in my form. Smart, right? I wickedly kept her hopes up (or we could say I was polite and didn't tell her no right away), and impatiently waited for that deadline to arrive.  And then I prayed about it.  You know when sometimes, God tells you to do things that you really don't wanna do? Yeah. The more I prayed about it, the more I felt Him telling me to go to camp. And I wasn't really thrilled with Him at the moment.  So I talked to someone about it, asked questions, and was given the form.  And I went to camp this past week.  I was slightly freaked out; I didn't know what I was doing; what if I did something completely wrong? I was the only counselor for 10 junior high girls; what if they would constantly try to bend the rules? I hated being around crowds; what if all the people freaked me out? I was a picky eater; what if we always had food that I didn't like? (Yes, that last one is totally a legit fear)  So, I'm not going to go into detail and describe every detail about the week. Because that would take forever. BUT. Let's just say that it was both worst and better than I expected. But I will give you some  highlights.  -My first night there, I met a lady who happened to be the sister-in-law of a pastor in our area. -Said lady (Sara) happened to be a counselor in the cabin adjoining mine, along with another lady, and they both kinda took me under their wings. -I became super homesick and overwhelmed (I've never even been to camp as a camper before, y'all!) and Sara sweetly offered to trade places with one of my campers. -The food was amazing. Like, no complaints. -All the girls in my cabin were epic. I never had to worry about any of them trying to sneak one past me, or about them being anywhere they weren't supposed to be. -There were so many things to keep all the kids occupied, we were rarely all grouped together at the same time.  What are some things I learned this week? Well . . . -Going for a week without social media is completely doable. Don't freak out about it, peeps. -Energizers (Star Trekking, anyone?) are so. much. FUN. -Counselors learn just as much during chapel as the kids. -Checking your emails after a week can be overwhelming. -Carpet ball is actually addictive. -I like bananas . . . I know that mangos are sweet . . . (c'mon, ya'll, if you know what I'm talking about, let me know!!) -I never want to go another week without reading more that three pages. -There's nothing like praising the Creator through amazing music with a hundred other people.  MORAL OF THE STORY: When God tells you to do something, just do it. Even if you don't know why, and you're still not sure why it happened after it's over. Because everything is for a purpose, even if you don't know what that purpose is. He will work through your fear, and He'll work through your happiness. He will work through your tears, and He will work through your smiles. He will work through the rain, and He will work through the sunshine.  Trust Him. In the right conditions, mustard seeds grow to be trees that withstand anything. Water your faith, surround yourself with the right conditions, and watch it grow. (I can't take credit for those lines, though . . . Pastor Bob's messages were pretty epic.)  Do it even when you don't want to, even when it's painful. Because your trust and faith in Him grow best when you're not in your comfort zone.  Do I know why God called me to go to camp? Not really. Maybe it was so I could give hugs to homesick girls. Maybe it was simply to stretch myself. Maybe it was for a reason that I'll never know about. But whatever the reasonג€”I'm glad I went. It was an experience I won't soon forget.  Will I go back next year? God only knows. I have to admit that camp wasn't really my thing. But sometimes God calls us to do things that we aren't comfortable doing.  And that's when we need to take that leap of faith and just do it.
The Midnight Bell, Leeds The Midnight Bell is one of a number of pubs and restaurants that have appeared in the last few years in Holbeck Urban Village. Turn right at the “Dalek” as you come out of Leeds on Neville Street, into Water Lane, and there it is!  The pub is part of the Leeds Brewery chain which includes the Brewery Tap and Pin. We have dined here before, usually for Sunday lunch, and it has always been good. Today, we fancied a return visit, and discovered the place was empty, probably due to the fact it was tipping down with rain! I don’t believe the lack of customers is a reflection on the food, as we have always had a good experience here. Sunday lunch was available, but we both decided to go non-traditional, A ordering fish and chips, me ordering a burger. The fish and chips came with pea puree – excellent in A’s opinion, and he doesn’t like traditional mushy peas. Chips were homemade. My burger was homemade as well, presented in a seeded bun with salad and cheese. A side of relish was also provided, along with the chips. The picture below is not great – you can’t really see the burger under the huge bun, but I was so eager to tuck in I didn’t notice when I took it! Other options on the Sunday menu included traditional roasts, sausage and mash, a veggie pasta, along with a few starters and puddings.  Another bonus of this area of Leeds is that you can park for free on a Sunday, just over the road.
Sunday's 60 second sermon Sunday saw my earliest start so far, as I was at Surrey Sports Park before 7:30am in order to find a quiet spot with good mobile phone reception so that BBC Radio Surrey could ring me. Having been into their studio on Tuesday to record a "60 second sermon", the plan was for them to ring to chat live on air shortly before they broadcast the sermon so that it can be put into context. We had a good conversation, not just about sports chaplaincy but about chaplaincy in general. This added background, not just to the "60 second sermon" but to the interview I'd done in week 1 for their breakfast programme. Must admit though, that I don't often get asked to discuss existentialism before 8am on a Sunday morning!!  (For the inquisitive, this came about because in talking about some of the things sports chaplains get involved in,  I made the comment that we're not just here for the bad things of life like injury or coping with lack of success but also for things like the big questions of life such as "who am I when I'm no longer a famous athlete?" which was a question I'd spent some time discussing with an athlete at one of the previous major sports events I've ministered at.) Being at the venue that bit earlier meant that I saw lots of players as they were on their way to breakfast and/or their morning sessions in the swimming pool, which was good. I then opened up the Oasis of Silence at 8am, but as no-one came to the 8:30am devotional I didn't get to 'preach' the aforementioned 'sermon'. The rest of the morning was divided between the usual 'wandering around' the venue and various practical matters related to tonight's movie night - firstly being given a much more central room than the one we had last night,  which was a matter for thanksgiving; then altering all the publicity we'd produced yesterday; before spending time learning how to connect everything up to, and then operate, the rather splendid audio-visual system they have installed (much more complicated - and impressive - than anything I've personally used before). I managed to take a couple of hours off in the afternoon, and returned to find that it was very very quiet - even quieter than previous post-match days. A number of squads had gone out for all or part of the day, and I think others must have been sheltering from the torrential rain that descended mid-afternoon. Some more visiting and admin was undertaken before setting up for the movie night. It was good that a good group of players came, from 3 different squads, all of whom thanked us for putting this on even before they'd seen the movie. It was a very good humoured and relaxed evening, with the added bonus for me that I really enjoyed the movie too, which made a day with my earliest start and latest finish not seem as long as it actually was.
Let's Start at the very beginning............. Welcome! Welcome! Welcome ! Over the next few weeks, months or possibly even years I will be sharing with you all the ups and downs of my efforts to lose weight whilst trying to maintain some sort of decorum.  Let's start at the very beginning, a very good place to start.......did you see what I did there??  I'm sure there's a time in every slimmer's life where they sit back and remember days gone by and what it was like to once be thin. Be it a favourite outfit that you looked amazing in or receiving a compliment from that special someone, we've all been there. For me, I don't particularly remember being thin.........I remember the exact moment I started to get fat! Rewind back a shocking 17 years (to be exact) and to the day I passed my driving test. It was a cloudy Tuesday morning and I was in turn 'shi**ing' myself (not literally) at the prospect of failing for the third time in a row and also excited at the thought of being able to brag to every man & his dog that I'd passed my test on the 29th Feb. Safe to say, I became that smug annoying person who still, to this day, makes the same crap 'leap year' joke about only passing my test a year ago when it was four, two years ago when it was eight.....and so on. The reward for getting my license was having my first car waiting for me on my parents driveway. Never again will I have to walk the one hour round trip to work in the wind and rain. Never again will I have to detangle my mane and re-apply my makeup before my day has even officially begun! Little did I know then that a tatty head and weather beaten face were to be the least of my problems. It is safe to say that bring a driver has turned me into one independent  lazzzzzzzzzzzy bitch. 17 years and  **cough** 9ish stone later I can finally admit to what I have become. Don't get me wrong, I have enjoyed every bar of Galaxy, glass of wine & takeaway that I have consumed in abundance to get me to this point but, right here, right now, I vow that this is to stop!  From here on in, I will become that person that Instagrams every morsel of food that passes my lips (much to the annoyance of others). I will scrutinise the back of every packet whilst standing in the supermarket trying to work out syn values (much to the annoyance of my fella). I will take progress photos in my underwear...........ok, lets not go too far. In all seriousness, what I will try and do throughout this long and I predict bumpy road is give you all an insight on what it is like to follow the Slimming World plan, find a style to compliment a (hopefully) shrinking figure and share whatever tips and tricks I pick up along the way.  So , if you are up for it, let's all help each other go from 'Slob to Slinky' L xx
National Juvenile Arthritis Month “What does wearing blue mean to you?” Is the question I’ve been asking children that live with Juvenile Arthritis over the past few months. “Wearing blue means that people do care about the pain I’m in each day.” “My friends can see that I’m not ashamed of living with Juvenile Arthritis.” These are just two of the many answers I received. Why was I asking children that live with Juvenile Arthritis this? October is a very special month in many ways for myself. It’s the month Kids Arthritis celebrates its  2nd birthday! The month we hold Australia’s Biggest and Bluest Night for Kids Arthritis, Arthur’s Big Blue Night, but it’s also National Juvenile Arthritis Awareness Month. Blue is the colour of Kids Arthritis. It represents the courage and smiles that children living with the pain of Juvenile Arthritis have. This October I invite you to wear your favourite blue shirt, socks, jacket, dress, anything that’s blue to show that you support children living with Juvenile Arthritis. It’s a simple thing you can do to support the 1 in 1000 children in Australia living with Juvenile Arthritis. I also encourage you to upload your blue outfit onto social media to show me, your friends and family online that you support children living with Juvenile Arthritis. Now, what does the word ‘support’ mean when living with Juvenile Arthritis?  To me, a lifelong severe suffer of Juvenile Arthritis, it means that the people around me in my community, whether that be online or the Adelaide Hills. Want to be there and show that they care about the pain, stiffness, and isolation that children living with Juvenile Arthritis endure. So, this October I invite you to wear something blue to show that you support children living with Juvenile Arthritis.
Winter and Juvenile Arthritis “It’s cold.” Is the usual beginning to conversations during winter, but a side to Juvenile Arthritis that many don’t know is how this weather effects our condition. There are many different types of research done into weather and Arthritis. You only need to jump online to see, but there’s not much there in relation to Juvenile Arthritis and the weather. So I decided to undertake my own research through Kids Arthritis to see if I was the only one being effected this way. “How does the weather affect your Juvenile Arthritis, Sarah?” Is a question I’m asked when speaking at community groups or conferences about Juvenile Arthritis. The answer can sometimes surprise people. The weather plays a huge part in my condition. Each year until my 13th birthday I was admitted to hospital for surgery in September/October due to inflammation and pain in my joints that needed to be removed. The fact that it was the same time of year every year made me always wonder,  “I’m sure I am not the only one.” Turns out I’m not and through the research, I undertook through Kids Arthritis, I found that a high percentage of those I spoke with had the same issue. The beginning of Winter is when the pain is most severe during Winter. Swelling appears and your reliance on medication to get through the day becomes more prominent. Once again, this isn’t just something that happens to me, it’s happening to a high percentage of children living with Juvenile Arthritis in Australia.  If you ever meet a child or adult living with Juvenile Arthritis rather than asking them, “How are you?” Ask, “Do you have any pain today?”
Post holiday weigh in.... Not as bad as expected. I ended up working late and almost missed my meeting but my leader is lovely and she allowed me to get weighed afterwards. I said to her 'Don't tell me out loud just write it down' as I hopped on the scales. I think I get kudos for turning up at all after the day I've had.   Turns out it was only 2.5 pound gain. I WILL TAKE THAT. I was expecting at least 6 or 7 pounds. Shrink Shrink Shrink.
Non Pioneer Registered BDM in Tasmania Whilst visiting the lovely little town of Colebrook recently we met  a wonderful couple at at St Patrick's Catholic Church. Whilst deep in discussion (family history of course) an idea was floated out there that we thought was wonderful and deserved consideration. To the gentleman who suggested it thank you. The idea: To compile a list of  birth, deaths and marriages in Tasmania that are not registered on the Tasmanian Pioneer and Federation Indexes. So if you have a birth , death or marriage in Tasmania that was not registered we would like to hear from you. The aim is to provide a free on line database that can be easily accessed by all.  Your birth, death or marriage must be referenced though, no we think their parents are etc. References can be  Newspaper articles - of the birth, marriage or death notice stating son or daughter of. Baptism or burial records. Headstone information. Family bible Death or Marriage certificate citing parents or children The list is endless. If you have an ancestor who fits this bill then email us their details (along with the reference) and we will add it to the database. enquiries@gentreeaustralia.com  or post it to GenTree Australia  14 Burnett Street, New Norfolk, 7140
A weekend of trying not to over do it... So when I'm not in Cheltenham I seem to lose some of my focus. I don't overeat but I do eat one or two nicer things. Treat day becomes treat weekend and before I know I feel like a giant elephant, who has eaten too much and done little exercise. I am trying a new technique when I'm eating things that are not as good for me. I try to give some to someone else or I break off some of the pastry/bad stuff. I feel better knowing I'm eating less than the packet says. I don't know if I'm deluding myself or this is a good way of feeling less guilty about having a few nice things at the weekend. It wasn't a weekend of indulgence though. When I went to the pub for a meal on Saturday I ordered the tuna mayonnaise jacket potato and it felt good making the healthier choice. Then when I went to the cinema I brought an orange juice and a pack of snack a jacks with me, which I know is much healthier than chocolate or butter popcorn etc. I think it really is about making better choices to keep your weight down. The goal is to never put any on. So even if you have a bad week where you don't lose anything, not putting any on is an achievement as well. I wow to keep making small improvements to help myself now and in the future. On Friday I was at the pub with a work colleague and I fancied a bite. On the menu it had sweet potato fries and I thought that sounded better than having chips. They were soooo delicious but unfortunately they made my stomach turn. I think my stomach has gotten used to all the healthy food. I also went for a nice walk with a friend this weekend and then had hot chocolate after. I didn't feel too guilty because I knew I had done some walking before. But as you know the guilt is always there. It is so hard to keep making the right choices and saying no to things such as nice hot chocolate with friends. BUT I tell you my friends, I am sick of starting again. SO I won't be failing this time. TO THE GYM!! :D Good luck to you all. Em xxx
Good morning Sunshine!! Last post I was talking about our trip to Brisbane over the weekend.  Claire and Greg have two sons aged 17 and 15.  The same ages as my two eldest kids. Josh, who is 17, is going through those 'vampire years'.  You know the ones?  Up all night, sleep all day (when he can get away with it, that is).   Unfortunately, Josh still hasn't caught on that when you stay at Claire and Gregs place, there is no opportunity to be a 'vampire'.  Well, not the sleeping in till all hours of the day part anyway.   Claire loves to sing to him if he won't get up and this past weekend was no exception.  I must say, her boys, hardly ever sleep in!!! You would understand if you could hear her sing.  This weekend even Molly the dog joined in.  Josh still didn't get up straight away ( I might also add here that it was 2pm) and was then consequently covered in water from Jordon.   NOTE: There are no photos of the water incident happening or afterwards as we all bolted!!!!!!!!!! He did actually get up at that stage though. Hehehehe.. Wonder when he will catch on?? Cheers, SUE
CathyC-check in I really can't believe it has been 50 days that I have been "sugar/dessert/sweets free"! I feel so much better about myself because sugar is a killer on the body-it slows my brain down and makes me depressed. I really think I don't need it in my food plan at all-I have enough carbs that I enjoy like pasta dishes and pizza always with veggies. The only issue I have still to tame is portion control when I'm out with people-but it really is only on the week-ends which in all honesty I have to realize is not the worst thing in my nutrition/life plan-really it's just food and extra calories so I'm not "angry" about it like I was with my sugar in take. I'm at a better place and sleep peacefully..... Also another great thing has happened in the last 10 days, I have been doing Cardio at home at 7am 6x week...I have never done that in my life-I feel so energized and fit all day! I do my free weights in the afternoons, so I get my metabolism running twice a day isn't that great? I want to challenge myself for another 100 days on something else in November-I'm trying to think about it, it should be realistic of course! Let me know what you are all up to too! Ciao
Cesarean complications rise in line with changes in mothers A number of studies have been published recently, which, if read in the context and knowledge of other applicable studies, would inform women more accurately than many media reports have managed to do.  Take for example this week's highly publicized U.S. report, 'Severe Obstetric Morbidity in the United States: 1998-2005', by EV Kuklina et al. They found that the "prevalence of delivery hospitalizations (per 1,000) complicated by at least one severe obstetric complication increased from 0.64% (n=48,645) in 1998-1999 to 0.81% (n=68,433) in 2004-2005." And that  Perception of risk - actual increase versus percentage increase Clearly, these numbers in real terms - especially when you consider that they take into account ALL delivery complications (including emergency cesareans) - are relatively small (less than 1%), but what many media reports concentrated on was the '% increase' number, which of course looks a lot higher - and riskier - when reported without the 'per 1000' figures.  For example, renal failure increased "by 21% (from 0.23 to 0.28), pulmonary embolism by 52% (0.12 to 0.18), adult respiratory distress syndrome by 26% (0.36 to 0.45), shock by 24% (0.15 to 0.19), blood transfusion by 92% (2.38 to 4.58), and ventilation by 21 % (0.47 to 0.57).  The authors conclude that: "Rates of severe obstetric complications increased from 1998-1999 to 2004-2005. For many of these complications, these increases were associated with the increasing rate of cesarean delivery.  But is cesarean surgery the reason for greater severe morbidity - or are other factors to blame? Adding to a growing body of evidence on this subject, a Scottish review this month by A Poobalan et al, 'Obesity as an independent risk factor for elective and emergency caesarean delivery in nulliparous women - systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies' tells us that cesarean delivery "risk is increased by 50% in overweight women and is more than double for obese women compared with women with normal BMI."  And in 2003, KS Joseph et al's Canadian study, 'Changes in maternal characteristics and obstetric practice and recent increases in primary cesarean delivery', which set out to "estimate the contribution of changes in maternal characteristics (namely, age, parity, prepregnancy weight, weight gain in pregnancy, smoking status) and obstetric practice (namely, labor induction, epidural anesthesia, delivery by an obstetrician, midpelvic forceps delivery) to recent increases in primary cesarean delivery rates", concluded that "Recent increases in primary cesarean delivery rates are a consequence of changes in maternal characteristics. Obstetric practice, which has altered due to changes in maternal characteristics and concerns related to fetal and maternal safety, has also contributed to increases in primary cesarean delivery."  Specifically, the researchers noted a 14% increase in cesarean deliveries for dystocia, 24% for breech, 21% for suspected fetal distress, 47% for hypertension, and 73% for miscellaneous indications between 1988 and 2000. Importantly: "Adjustment for maternal characteristics reduced the temporal increase" in cesarean rates from 21% to 2% [and] Additional adjustment for obstetric practice factors further reduced period effects."  The future of cesarean rates A review by Rebecca Simmons, MD., 'Perinatal Programming of Obesity', published in the U.S. in October 2008, reminds us that the prevalence of obesity "has risen dramatically over the last decade [and a] number of epidemiological studies have shown that there is a direct relationship between birth weight and BMI in childhood and in adult life." I would suggest that with no sign of a decline in obesity rates (in fact, quite the opposite) and with women continuing to have their babies later and later in life, we are not going to see any significant reduction in primary cesarean rates at all, and we need to be very careful about implementing strategies to drastically reduce them since this will result in greater morbidity and mortality for these women and their babies.
A pause I've had a pause and I'm going to continue pausing for a little while. I've had some health problems over the past few months and I'm still trying to get to the bottom of them. Nothing serious hopefully but it all centres around my stomach meaning that food-related reading and writing have been a little... off the menu. I'm fed up of feeling permenantly queasy and uncomfortable and, worst of all, the whole thing has put me off one of my very favourite pleasures in life... food! It is hard to enthuse about the cooking when you don't feel much like eating. On the better days, I have been busy in the kitchen and there is actually much to report. I hope to get back to it very soon. But first, we have the small matter of a house move. We have finally found a permanant home (after a ten month stop-gap) so I'm currently surrounded by packing boxes for the second time in twelve months. It will take a while to get back online but I expect to be back to blogging in a few weeks time! In the meantime, I hope you like these pictures I took the day my pup, Sinbad, was momentarily reunited with his sister, Bramble, who has spent the past year living in Germany. Two peas in a pod!
6 Hot Fall Fashion Trends For Fall 2011 1.   Fur Is Back Making its grand appearance again this fall will be fur. Be grateful that your grandmother has a closet full because vintage is also coming into play here and her stash will make you quite popular. 2.   Bell Bottoms Good thing we still have some of these tucked away as well. Put away your skinny jeans and slip into these beauties with a little more room to move. Bell bottoms and flared pants will be making a come back with a fashion statement that is louder than ever. Be sure to stock up before the craze hits again. 3.   Sheer Maxi Dress The Maxi dress has already made its mark on Summer, and now will make an even bigger appearance in the Fall. Fun and affordable, these dresses will be a staple in your Fall wardrobe. 4.   Choker Necklaces  These little treasures can also be found in your grandmother’s jewelry box. With many sassy options, you will love the look the choker gives you and the many options of events that you can wear it to. Chokers are the sweetest compliment to a delicate neckline. 5.   Pleats Pleats will be making a big appearance in everything from dresses to shirts and pants. This timeless sewing option gives a big look to a simple pattern and gives your ensemble a pump of pizzazz. 6.   Cuffed Bracelets  These chunky treasures can dress you up for the town and make a bold statement in the process. Dig back in your mother’s jewelry box for this one; she may just be able to hook you up. Don’t forget to shop the vintage flea markets and antique jewelry stores for a chance to spot a piece just right for your arm.
OP One Week Challenge There are so many aspects to weight loss and you are like me lately, use to free style eating and no regular exercise schedule... creating (or getting back into) a weight loss regiment can be a challenge. Lately it seems like week after week I restart on Saturday and fall off by Wednesday.  It's not lack of motivation or tools. I want to lose weight. I want to be a healthier me. I want to fit into my Wonder Woman suit properly.   And tools... I have them all: food, free gym, a personal trainer, Weight Watchers Online, knowledge.  I think I lack a routine, organization, a daily regiment that includes all aspects of weight loss: Intake Monitoring, Food Journaling, Meal Planning & Prep, Water Drinking, Vitamin Taking and Exercise.   That's not too long of a list and with proper planning all do-able daily.  I'm challenging myself and those of you struggling to a full week of all of the above...  Who's with me? We can start Saturday and check in on DietSodaDiva.com daily in the comments.   This challenge is all about staying OP, not a scale challenge? If you'd like to join leave a comment... No prize this time. You're reward will eventually come with a smaller number on the scale and a healthier you.  Do I have any joiners?
Long Weekend.... We have just had a long weekend for the Queen's birthday. It has gone too quickly but I have managed to fit a lot in. Saturday, I did a 2:30 hr bike ride up some big hills - I had never been that way before and will definitely not be doing it again!! It was gruelling and apparently there is an easier route to get where I was going! It did me in for the rest of the day- but my heartrate monitor did say I burnt 1300 calories so you gotta like that!Oh did I mention it was 2 degrees when I set off.. Sunday we were back in the hills for a BBQ with some friends, a nice relaxing time, very lethargic. Today I went on a ride with a friend to the beach-60 kms ,beautiful ride,nowhere near as taxing as Saturday but enough to feel noble for the rest of the day. The rest of the day I have caught up on the dreaded housework- no spider sightings( seems to be prevalent in blogland at present)  I didnt post my weight on Friday - it was pretty much the same- ok I was up .5 kg What the?. I did do my measurements and I was 3 cms less on my hips and my waist - so all the biking and hiking is working :) I hope you all had a great weekend and have a great week!!
Zara Wish List My Zara Wish List has never been this long. Their new collection is just to die for. From shoes to clothes to bags. You name it. I want it. I especially want these... Mint + Metallic + Crossed Around Ankle Strap. Maxi + Peachy + Slit.  Two-Tone Shoes + Chunky Heel. Metallic + Stiletto.  Bodycon + Crazy Florals. Pleats + Asymmetrical Hem. Tie-Dye + White Jeans. Sheer Shirt + Bat Wings.  Lace + Mini Shorts. Basically explained under each item what I love about it. There's just too much things to love at Zara at the moment I can't walk in their store or I swear I will empty my bank account. And I'm trying to save up. So, if any of you want to be nice... Need I say more ? ;)
Wholegrain Walnut Buns Guess what I did yesterday? I made that magical pea soup again, but this time I used fresh mint. Oh, I can die it's that good, although this time Jon was actually the one shouting out in satisfaction.   As a starter I made potato cakes, kind of like Swedish raggmunkar, served with yoghurt and caramelised onions. The recipe will be up on the blog later this week because they too were highly appreciated and will certainly be made again soon.  I also made bread - walnut buns to be precise. They take about 2,5 hours in total to make, of which 2 hours are spent letting the dough rise. Simple and delicious. 6 walnut buns Prep time: 10 min Baking time: 2,5 hours About 6 buns 2 dl lukewarm water 1 1/2 tsp active dry yeast 1/2 tbsp honey 5 dl wholegrain breadflour 1/2 salt 1/2-1 dl coarsley crushed walnuts Mix the water, yeast and honey in one bowl and leave for 5 min. Mix the flour, salt and walnuts in a different bowl.  Stir down the water mix gradually to the flour mix.  Knead thoroughly and form a ball-shaped dough. It's easiest to use your hands. Cover the bowl airproof with cling film and let the dough rise for 1,5-2 hours. Heat the oven to 250 C. Bring the dough out on a floured surface and cut it into 6 pieces.  Form round balls and put them on a greased oven tray. Leave them to rise for 15 min, then put them in the oven for 11-12 min. Remember they're hot, so no matter how nice they may be, let them cool before you eat them. 
Invasion of the Killer curves So last night, I was in our local pub (this is not news, I'm in there 3 times a week) happily minding my own business at the bar awaiting the arrival of my husband, when I heard a guy say to his mates "She could be a stunner if she lost some weight." Being the nosy cow I am, I had a look round to see who he was referring to, when it became obvious they were all staring at me. Now, I am not phased by such bollocks, I am fat, I am aware that I am not everyone's cup of tea, but why does being fat make it ok for people to comment on my appearance when I am within earshot? I just smiled at him and replied "ah but if I was thinner, I'd attract arseholes like you" and supped quietly on my pint of cider like the fat bird that I am. I guess I'll take it as a compliment that he felt the need to comment on me at all, but anyone with less confidence than me could be crushed by hearing this sort of crap - just remember people, we're all amazing regardless of our shapes and sizes.... And onto today, I wish I'd been wearing this t-shirt last night to stick 2 fingers up at the pub knob jockey. I've had this t-shirt for a few months, but it's yet to make an appearance on the blog, but it's kind of how I feel today so I'm wearing loud and proud. I bought the largest size available as I wanted it to be slouchy and I love it. I've just kept it simple with grey skinny jeans and my studded wedge trainers, cos that's how I roll... T-Shirt (XXL) - Betty Bee Vintage Grey Skinny Jeans (24) - Evans Studded Wedge trainers - Aldo @ ASOS So ladies, be proud of what you are and sod what anyone else thinks. 
Improving Health Adoring Husband and I drove into The Bay today to restock on foods that suit the Paleo lifestyle. The initial expense is always quite high, but once the pantry is stocked, eating this way is not expensive and the health benefits show why it's value for money. End of Day 2 and my body is already beginning to feel the withdrawals from sugar, carbs and coffee. I haven't quit coffee yet, but am attempting to wean myself off it slowly. I was up to three cups per day and I hope to put off my first cup as late as possible every day until I can go without altogether. We stocked up at Go Natural, Nana's Pantry and the supermarket. I also bought a new top and two pairs of 3/4 pants - navy and white (of course) and I bought a day book at Officeworks. It was crazy busy in The Bay and we couldn't wait to get out of there. It took us 4 hours from when we drove 'out' of our driveway to when we drove back 'in' our driveway. It took forever to unpack everything because I had to cull the 'no longer on the menu' food and the 'out of date' food from the pantry to make room for the new stuff. It was after 3pm when I whipped together a quick lunch - lucky I did because it was trivia night at the club, so that sustenance tided us over and our brains functioned kinda sorta a little bit. I believe we came third out of 14 teams tonight, which is much better than we've done for some time, so it's a good start to 2019. AH rushed home to watch the season final show of Dr Who, but fell asleep in the chair before it finished ... he is still there now! It's also well after 11pm so I'm off to bed because I have to work tomorrow.
Go Burda Style! I was very excited to read that Burda Style have embraced open source sewing. This means that they've removed the copyright from their patterns, sharing intellectual property. We can sew and sell our creations using Burda patterns!! For more details see the Burda Style blog. Now I just have to resist the crazy urge to resign from my job and sew for a living, LOL ;-)!
Kick the Sugar Habit! You know sugar is bad for you; consumption can be linked to every single illness you've ever (and never) had.  You also know it is the number one cause of weight gain.   If you`re going to eat sugar, you are going to get sick and you are going to get fat and you don`t want that!  But you can't stop yourself from eating it....  Why?  You're addicted. You'd probably be surprised to hear that sugar addiction is the most common addiction in our society today.  You might also be surprised to hear that is as addictive as nicotine, cocaine, heroin...  So if you thought that smoking and drugs were bad, you know now that your sugar habit is a serious thing too.   Sugar is highly addictive, highly damaging to your health and highly hard on your waistline.   Look how much sugar is in these ``healthy`` raisins: Anyone who's ever quit an addiction before knows the commitment it takes to 'get clean', and just like other addictions, giving up sugar is tough.  Lets face it - an addiction makes you feel good and who doesn't want that?!?  The thing is, that there are so many healthier ways to feel good.  Like for one, exercise.  And another, losing weight!  So lets get you off the sugar and onto the really good stuff in life, feeling great and exercise that gets you results!    Step 1: Quit eating sugar.  First, you need a goal and a plan and then you need strict commitment to your goal to stick to the plan.  We've already identified the goal...  It is to stop eating sugar.    The only way to go is cold turkey.  Because like other addictive drugs, just one 'hit' can cause a relapse.  You might think you need one bite of a chocolate bar to get you through the day, but who are you kidding, are you really going to stop after one bite???   Cold turkey!!!  Not a drop or a lick or a bite for one week.  Through this first week I strongly recommend avoiding all sugars, including fruit sugars.  Date sugar, maple sugar, raw sugar, high fructose corn syrup, fructose, dextrose, maltose and lactose, as well as molasses and honey are all out. Healthier sweeteners like agave nectar, maple syrup, brown rice syrup, barley malt and fruit juice sweetened items need to be significantly reduced. Organic sugar, organic cane syrup and organic cane juice should go as well as they are not really much healthier and for the sugar addict - sugar is sugar.  If you really need a little sweetness, have an apple, have an orange, have a cup of berries or a cup of grapes.   Read your labels during this time!  You'd be surprised to find that sugar is in almost all commercial foods.  Unless you are living a health conscious life-style and picking your food wisely already, sugar is in your catsup, morning cereal, spaghetti sauce, soup, salad dressing, peanut butter, pancake syrup, bread, yogurt, you name it and it probably has sugar in it.  There is probably even sugar in your salt.   Check out this website to actually SEE for yourself -  http://www.sugarstacks.com/  You have to learn to read labels very carefully and make different choices when shopping to eliminate sugar from your diet. Once sugar has been eliminated from your diet, be prepared for what might happen while your body eliminates it.  Also known as detox.  When removed from your diet you can expect to experience actual withrawal symptoms; tremors, flu like symptoms, headaches, and mood swings and cravings so intense you would damn near kill for a chocolate bar.  This is your body ridding itself of the 'junk' it's accumulated, don't fight it, don't give in, don`t give up.  Trust the proccess and go with it.  While these symptoms may be un-comfortable at the time, know that when it's over, you are going to feel way better, have more energy and that you are setting yourself up for awesome fat loss.   After you`ve been 100% sugar free for at least a week you can start re-introducing small servings of fruit and the healthy sugars back into your diet.  A guideline when reading labels: remember this one number - 9 grams.  Your body can deal with 8-9 grams at one time so you do not want to exceed 9 grams in one serving (once you go up over that you are spiking your blood sugar levels, so putting yourself at risk for a host of health problems and beyond that, you will be storing fat). It's not easy, and beyond my telling you to quit cold turkey, I cannot offer much more advice beyond this on how to quit other than just do it.   I can tell you that it will likely be the most positive thing that you will ever do for your health.    A few things to keep in mind: You do not need sugar to have energy.  You do not need sugar to function.  You do not need sugar to feel good.  You do not need sugar period!!!  You will function better, you will have more energy, you will feel great and you will be able to burn fat like crazy without it!  How many of my clients have lost 5, 6, 7 and 10 pounds in one week by cutting out sugar you might ask...  Lots.   And this weight loss is not 'water weight', like when one cuts out salt - this fat loss is your body thanking you for the sugar-free love.     You know what you`ve got to do - so go for it - cold turkey - give your body that sugar-free love!!! PS- If there is anything that I can do to help you get off the white stuff, let me know, I`m always here and I am committed to your success!!!
It's my birthday soon! I will officially be 16 on Saturday. I usually try to tone down my birthdays. I often forget about them, until a friend goes, "Hey, isn't it your birthday today...?" But there's a reason I'm having two parties, one for family friends and one for school friends. I GET TO BAKE TWO CAKES. That's right. And multitudes of cupcakes. And cookies. And...mmmm. I gave out invitations already. As you might have guessed, they're cupcake-related. cupcake invites Share a birthday recipe or birthday cake or cupcake recipe with me (:
FALLEN LEAVES Posted by CHLOE LEE     at 03:05 | Yesterday I wanted to get out of the house so I hopped in the car with my parents and we went to HYDE HALL, a Royal Horticultural Society garden located just outside the center of Chelmsford. It always amazes me that places like this exist in Essex, it's a lot different to what is shown on TOWIE!  Photography is my first love and lately I've been feeling a little distant from it so more than anything I wanted to wander round with my camera, not have any deadlines or client expectations and photograph what ever intrigued me!  My mum kindly took some outfit photos for me whilst we were wandering around, so thanks mum! I think I'll leave my photos to another blog post otherwise it's going to be quite a long one! Dress: Asos Cardigan: Primark Coat: Henry Holland @ Debenhams Shoes: Dr Martens I totally forgot to photograph the back of this dress, but to be honest it was so bloody cold I didn't want to take my coat off let alone my cardigan (and yes it is the same cardigan as the last post but in black!) but the back has the most awesome corset style detail to tie it up. I love the colours and it's super comfy and flattering. If you couldn't tell so far, I have a bit of a thing for Asos dresses! Chloe x 
From the Mouths of Misanthropical Beauties The maverick and the matchstick: A lover's quarrel.   He took the strands of hair that the girl had wrenched out of her skull, Collected each beautiful petal, each complete with a yellow center, And turned them into a bouquet, to which he presented to her. The girl with the tumultuous wildflower hair cried out, tears in three places; the most important, in the center. But she is an archfiend, or an angel. Persephone under the ground with Hades, gasping for air. She is a Siren, yearning for love, but collecting cadavers with every whisper. And as she looked up at him, nose so close to nose, mouth so close to mouth, She knew she'd steal his heart, and create a symphony that neither of them could ever touch. Frangible, not tangible.   Somewhere in the world, Dali has melted all the clocks. Billie Holiday is looking in all the old familiar places, Neruda listens to the immense night, still more immense without her. Somewhere, Rilke is frozen in solitude. Dante - touring the floors of Hell, constantly nostalgic for a long lost Beatrice, All the while, the clocks are striking 13, But never is an awfully long time.  “I looked up at the mass of signs and stars in the night sky and laid myself open for the first time to the benign indifference of the world.”    "Write about what you know."  I know that there are there are 365 and 1/4 days in the year, And yet, there will not be enough time to escape death.  I know that every day, I observe the world, storing bits and pieces in my pocket, And when I unravel them, like a map, at the end of each day, I inhale the cynical and petulant truth. And, for a few hours, I live there, and make snow angels in the contemptuous snowflakes, which smell ironically like cinnamon.  Yet, I know that I am the girl with the wide eyed baby blues, and tiny hands, who stands at every street corner, every moment, and whispers "more." Who has a bright smile and even walks insecurely. Who spends her days looking down and her nights looking up. Who collects her favorite moments and sayings in a tiny journal stored in a corner of the hippocampus, just to recite later in an awkward conversation.  I know that if I stretched the world out, there would never be enough stars to wish on.  Yet, if I shrunk the entire sky, folded it delicately into a paper lantern, and presented it to every love I've ever had or hoped to have, some would still walk away.  I know that some nights, when I look into the eyes of whom with I share my bed, I am completely content. Serenity is in competition with the lightyear. And some nights, I want to run out the door, screaming "L'habit ne fait pas le moine" into the streets.  But is it enough to write about what I know? Write what you don't know. It is equally as beautiful.  I don't know what success tastes like, but if I had to guess, I'd say like sweet honey in tea, on the porch at sunset, just when the crickets start to sing their song, after a long day that left your back broken.  I don't know what it looks like, feels like - to perform a sun salutation on the volcanoes of Bali. Perhaps like true tranquility, laced with sticky air and sounds of a bumbling city below.   I don't know what your mouth would feel like on mine, although I would guess like free falling into a a field made of cloud, soft cotton, and every word one ever hopes to have whispered in their ear in a lifetime. Adrenaline and candied bliss.      “Toska - noun /ˈtō-skə/ - Russian word roughly translated as sadness, melancholia, lugubriousness.  "No single word in English renders all the shades of toska. At its deepest and most painful, it is a sensation of great spiritual anguish, often without any specific cause. At less morbid levels it is a dull ache of the soul, a longing with nothing to long for, a sick pining, a vague restlessness, mental throes, yearning. In particular cases it may be the desire for somebody of something specific, nostalgia, love-sickness. At the lowest level it grades into ennui, boredom.” ― Vladimir Nabokov
The Eight Week Camp I know I haven't written on this blog for years. I just haven't had the muse- and honestly, there haven't been many life-changing events that I've had to inform you about! The muse to write on the blog went away, and that's fine. I've been occupied with other things. Hm... what's happened since I last wrote? Monday, October 21st, 2013. Almost two years ago. Well. I'm back in Australia. I've visited my family in Spain once at the beginning of this year. I have completed my sixth grade AMEB flute exam, will do my seventh sometime in October of this year, and have begun playing the cello- I'm studying grade three on it now, but there hasn't been talk of exams yet. I've joined a website called DeviantArt and have been doing digital art for a year now. I'm very proud of what I've achieved! Check me out here. Along with my new art experience, I have also learned how to read/write horse genetics fluently and am aware that all previous posts I wrote on horse colors are completely inaccurate. At least I tried. I have also moved to a new school after receiving an academic scholarship and am very happy there. I am three quarters of the way through ninth grade and just completed an eight-week camp nine hours away from Melbourne, out in the middle of nowhere. I got back from it last Friday, and my mom has suggested that I write a blog post about (why not?). It was pretty intense. Where to start? For all intents and purposes, let's just call this camp "Camp". Just in case some internet creep decides to look it up and hunt me down. (._.) I guess I can start with the landscapes. It's the middle of winter here (I guess Spring is coming? It's still cold...) and everything was green. The first week we arrived it was raining non-stop. The last week we spent there it was raining non-stop. But in-between it wasn't too bad- there were even some days where we could walk around with t-shirts! Camp is in a sort of valley thing with lots of rolling hills filled with tons of mooing cows, four alpacas, and one crazy herding dog named Diesel. Most of the property is covered in paddocks, but there's also a creek and forest (the camp is completely surrounded by a national park). You see kangaroos in the paddocks often, and you are guaranteed to see some form of bird within the first five minutes of waking (well... if you look outside!). During first light you can see frost that covers the ground and make it appear like it has snowed, as well as mist which creeps close to the ground and is condensed into thick, varying layers which cover all the surrounding hills. There's nothing to block your view of the sun slowly rising behind the trees and casting thick rays of light everywhere, and while I would like to say that it's silent, it's definitely not- the birds go absolutely nuts at this time. But it still feels very serene. I had a north-facing window, so I was always woken by the sun. Annoying sometimes, considering that it always woke me up at around 6:30a.m. without fail, but definitely worth it most of the time. The sunsets were just as gorgeous (if not more). They were easier to witness, that's for sure. That up there was the first sunset that really got to me. The camera did it no justice, of course, but you would never see something like this in the city. Not because sunsets like this don't happen in the city, but because there's always some distraction or building in the way. Sunsets, the moon, the stars are harder to notice in the city and that makes me sad. Then there was the darkness that came with the evening. Usually the moon was able to shine through and you would be able to see the silvery outlines of trees in the distance, or little cow-shaped figures in the fields, but some nights there were so many clouds in the sky that any light was blocked completely. When that happened, you couldn't see anything beyond the illumination on the footpaths (not sidewalks; this was all dirt). Especially considering that most of the horrible weather happened on the first few days that we were there, it was terrifying! The best nights were definitely the cloudless nights- nights in which you could just see that outline of the milkyway sprawled across the sky. Those nights were just gorgeous- they made me so happy. So yes, in Camp there were green paddocks, a thick Australian bush forest, gorgeous skies of all kinds, and a creek. There was also a sub-tropical rainforest (a very small one, caused by the southern shadow of a large hill) and a large lake/ocean system just a few hundred meters away. Beautiful. The animals there (which I've already mentioned) included cows, alpacas, various types of chickens and turkeys and ducks, and a dog. There used to be sheep, but unfortunately they were attacked by wild dogs in the area and had to be taken away. The alpacas are currently under debate as they were bought to protect the sheep, didn't, and now aren't really useful for anything but making teenage girls excited about fluffy alpaca babies (which will be born next year). Diesel Dog will stay there for life. And the cows... well, they're delicious. I still find it hard connecting the living, breathing thing in front of me with the hamburger that I will eat later. Calves are the cutest thing ever, that's for sure! Chicks come close, but not quite. While at Camp we had to take care of three "poddy" (orphan) calves, which were very cute but also pretty rude when it comes to manners and letting each other eat. One time they had a massive fight over who should get fed first and I ended up getting milk all over their heads as well as my raincoat. BUT. They are not nearly as bad as the older poddies. Oh no. The older poddies are cute, too- they're still babies themselves. But oh, they want their food as much as the younger ones. And they're bigger. I had to go in and feed them a few times by myself. My strategy was leaving one bucket by the fence just out of their reach so that at least some of them would be distracted, and then jumping into the paddock with the other bucket screaming my head off as I heard them running after me mooing their heads off. I didn't quite get run over, but whenever I got to the trough they were right on my heels and I had to do a little bit of push and shove to get all the feed in there. The message: cows are vicious. If you have feed, approach with caution. Wait, no- if you have feed that you want to get somewhere, run with all your might because they will get to it first if you don't. They're still heart-breakingly cute, though! The alpacas are the most hilarious things (I have a whole bunch of derpy alpaca sketches lying around): The chickens are very cute (they're like a little flock of admirers when you come in through the gate) And while I don't have a picture of Diesel Dog, he was an absolute sweetheart. Very cute to watch from a distance! So obviously this wasn't quite a normal lifestyle. We did have classes, though- just not the traditional kind. The curriculum focused on environmental, community, and personal sustainability. So basically: how to take care of the environment, be an accepting and helpful member of your community, and take care of yourself. Classes were very helpful, but really only for the environmental sustainability part- the rest I think I had to figure out myself. I think I have changed as a person. I wrote 904 words about that. There have been lots of things that have opened up my eyes to who I could be- the behavior of my house mates, expeditions, taking on tasks like house chores or running assemblies- and I'm proud of what I have learnt. I just need to worry about what I'm going to do with that knowledge, I guess. It was easier to do so in a small setting like Camp- there were less variables, more set tasks. Here at home it's going to be harder. One of the most rocking experiences in terms of self-learning was my second expedition. I was stuck with a (frankly) pretty useless partner and had to do everything by myself- packing, unpacking, setting up the tent, directing her to places, reminding her of things, etc. etc. The first day wasn't that great. I was letting her behavior bother me; I wasn't very impressed. But by the third day I realized that I honestly shouldn't care at all, worry about just myself, and enjoy my time. That expo was one of my greatest experiences at Camp, not because sea kayaking is awesome but because I learned a lot about what I can do and what I should do- be helpful, don't judge others without knowing them, and don't care about the little things. The first expo was beautiful and fun, but I didn't really learn much from it (I'm not referring to practical skills here!). The first expo was pretty awesome- yes, I hiked a total of 32km in 3 days but it was ridiculously fun! The first day we hiked by some pretty gorgeous scenery- but the second day was the best. After hiking for an hour or so we had to go through a knee-deep, freezing cold brown swamp. It may not sound that great, but it was awesome! And then we arrived at out destination- a lake surrounded by sand dunes close to the ocean. I was one of three who was brave to put on her bathing suit and roll (down the incredibly steep sand-dune incline) into the lake! It was freezing, and there was sand everywhere, but it was definitely worth it. In the summer terms I'm sure it's a very popular choice to jump in. For the second expo I don't really have many photos since my camera wasn't waterproof, but the route wasn't as interesting. We did, however, see a wild emu (!!!!!! EXCITEMENT) and this amazing bio luminescence on the shores of our second camp site. (I'm the one farthest to the left!) Another sort of "campy" thing we did was Solo- six hours by yourself under a tarp. You set up your own tarp and basically have to entertain yourself and think about what's happened to you over the last few weeks for the whole time. I went a bit stir crazy for the first few hours, ripping out clovers and various other plants to stick them into my visual diary, but eventually I settled in and I actually think that the time was too short. I did get enough time to write a letter to my future self, though! I'll get it next year. (yes, that's actually me) Another big part of the Camp program is, of course, the fact that you live in a house with (in my case) six other girls. Luckily we only have to share a room with one, but you still have to cook, clean, and do many other skits and presentations and things with everyone. Let me tell you- it's ridiculously hard. People that you thought you could get along with perfectly could very well be your worst nightmare. But then, of course, there are also going to be people who surprise you. I didn't know my house mates very well before Camp. I didn't really know anyone in the whole camp- all my friends are going next term. So that was hard too. But not only is it ridiculously hard because people drive you crazy, it's also hard because you see people doing amazing things and you start doubting yourself. My roommate is the most amazing person- she is open, approachable, always there when you need her, and always has an eye open, literally waiting for an opportunity to help others. Yes, I did get a bit jealous. But then I also stepped up my game. I think it's good that there was such a mix of people in my house. It taught me a lot- what I want to be and what I don't want to be. So while there were some days where I was just sad and disappointed and all those things, I think it was worth it because I learned something from it. Cheesy, I know. But true. Another big part of the Camp program was the CILPs (Camp Independent Learning Projects). the CILPs were these huge projects that we basically spent the whole term on. I did mine on the birds of Camp- I made a whole 29-page field guide. My house mates (and some of the teachers, I think!) thought I was crazy- I was constantly suddenly stopping speaking and staring at a random thing in the distance, creeping up to things, running away without shoes, that sort of thing. Lots of fun! And I identified 60 birds (not including the chickens, turkeys, and ducks). It was all great fun... until the two weeks before it was due. My computer broke down for a few days, which caused enormous stress, and then for the next week and a half I spent every spare moment sitting in front of the screen and just writing things down. I know that the teachers said to not leave it until the last moment; but the thing is I just set myself too much work to do! It's alright, don't worry, I got it done. And I think a lot of the teachers have taken a peek and are considering using it. YES! Another big part of the system was the runs that happened twice a week. The first run, every Tuesday, was called the Village Run. This run was timed and 2.6k long. I managed to improve by 8 1/2 minutes over five runs. The second run, on Sunday, is the challenge run. This run changed every week- the first one was a run around the property with our house (horrible, as most of my house mates were rowers), the next was a challenge to get to different checkpoints (a bit sad, because my team was completely unmotivated), one was a run over two large hills around the property (my foot was bothering me so that didn't go as well as it could have), another was a 7k run across (relatively) flat land (which I enjoyed very much, actually), and another was a run over a very very large hill (torturous). Even though they were different distances and times, I could definitely tell that I was improving by the end because I was catching up to all the rowers by the end! The last big part of the program was the bead system. It's an award system- there are different bead colors which represent different things and which are awarded to different people. There are 7 beads, and there is one that you earn after Camp. The colors are: Red- Camp Involvement Yellow- Personal Challenge Brown- Expedition Green- Environmental Sustainability Blue- Leadership Pink- Community Sustainability Black- Pledge (this is for a project we have to complete after Camp called the Action Plan; nobody will earn this one until a while) I managed to earn a fair few. In order of when I got them: Brown (after my second expo), Yellow (when beads were being awarded to the house- my teacher said that he had noticed me achieving my running goals, which was true), Red (this was given to me in a personal conference- he talked to me about how I had done a lot of things he would not have expected of me), and Green (apparently the whole house voted for me). I'm really proud that I deserve these awards and would like to keep trying hard to uphold this sort of reputation. Anyways, Camp has been a pretty awesome experience. I was asked that if I were able to, what would I change? and my answer was that I wouldn't change a single thing. It's been hard, yes, but I think that that's part of why it was so amazing. Because I learned things I never would have otherwise. I am extremely grateful that I was able to enjoy this experience. Stay safe from the older poddies, my friends. And enjoy all the sunrises and sunsets you can get. I'll certainly enjoy mine.
Christmas shirt Sinclair Patterns Cachet tshirt colour blocked. Fabric from Birds of a Feather.
I'm here (sometimes), I'm queer (sometimes), get used to it. Status: Still not dead.  Suffice it to say you may never TRULY know how big your waist is until one day when you have to make your own rainbow-colored-tutu for the clown costume you decided to go with for Halloween. Holy Jesus, is that thing ever huge. Many hours and many yards of brightly colored tulle later, and all I can say about the technicolor monstrosity that is literally eating up my closet is that at least there's no chance anyone else will show up with the same costume.  Once again I went way overboard on Halloween. We decided to do this whole circus theme for the department at work, and while I'm WAY over-excited for the whole thing, I can't tell if my enthusiasm is GOOD because it gives me lots of shit to do which means my hands are busy with hot glue guns and glittery things and not idly stuffing fun-sized snacks into my mouth or BAD because it leaves me no time to cook, clean, eat right or have real meals. I will call it a toss-up since I'm maintaining my fatness, but at least I'm not gaining, which is pretty good for my all-time favorite holiday and handy excuse to binge eat Heath bars.  I'll post some pictures later of my whole rainbow clown get-up. Imagine a float in the Gay Pride Parade on LSD, basically. Only fatter.  In other news, my therapist has cancer and that is a fucking bummer! I had to skip two weeks of therapy because of my crappy new schedule at work and then I get this letter in the mail telling me she'll be out of the office for at least 3 months due to ongoing radiology treatments. That sucks, man. Aside from my own selfish reasons of being like I NEED YOU THERE TO HELP ME AND FORCE HUG ME EVERY TUESDAY, LADY, there's also the sense of sadness that comes from actually caring because she's such an oddly nice person that I feel genuinely bad that she has to go through this. Whoa, look at me, caring about other people and shit. It's like a whole new Tricia. Only fatter.  I hope she'll get through it and get back in there to deal with my selfishness soon. I sure don't wanna have to look for another therapist, but seeing as how I took the very last Prozac today, I guess I got no choice. I hope the new one's not an asshole because he/she's gonna have freakishly long but really skinny and nice shoes to fill, ya know?  Sorry I'm not around much. I never wanted to become one of those blogger people who comes back like every couple months and leaves some shitty update just to disappear again, but mostly I just don't have things to write about. Most days just seem okay. I feel like some fraud being part of this whole dieting blog community knowing damn well I don't diet or blog very often, but it's still nice to have here for when I feel like I wanna talk. So if you're still here, thanks for hanging in there and maybe one day it'll be better.  Up with hope, down with dope, etc.
wearing lately: the tie-front top phase We've been talking a lot about "phases" here, because Hendrik is obsessed with birds and ornithology right now. It's all he wants to read about or discuss - even going so far as to give the game "hangman" a complete avian twist (now called "hangbird") and discuss his future work schedule as an ornithologist ("dawn to dusk", obviously).  He and Peter are now doing all kinds of bird watching outings with binoculars, have installed a birdfeeder in our front yard, and more... but much as he is convinced of his career path, we've been there before - this is the same kid who just a few months ago would only check out books from the library or watch things on Netflix if they had to do with ocean creatures, and who talked so incessantly about them that his teachers gave him a "future marine biologist" award certificate at the end of the school year.  Can't exactly blame him for these obsessive phases though, because he just *might* get this tendency from me - the girl who had some definite (and very dorky) phases in high school, from the decoupage phase where I covered everything in sight with Mod Podge collages, to the Anglophile phase where I adopted British-isms into my vocabulary (my mom was no longer mom - she was mum), was convinced I was going to marry someone British, and even combined with the decoupage phase to plaster Union Jack images on everything.  And clearly I have wardrobe phases too - a few years ago it was big, chunky necklaces. For many years running it has been striped tees. And for this summer, it's most definitely the tie-front top. Blouse, button front tank, lightweight button-down, white tee - they're all just so easy to wear, especially with shorts on a hot summer day. Instant outfit! This black version is my latest acquisition, and I'm going to love it with jeans and jackets for fall too, for sure.
Competition countdown - 5 days to go! Well hello there! See, I told you I wouldn't abandon you again (at least not just yet! ;-) ) Weight Well, I'm 5 days away from the UKBFF Stars of Tomorrow 2010 competition and I'm starting to get rather excited. This is mainly due to my phenomenal weight loss over the last couple of weeks which I can only attribute to help from the fabulous guidance from the gorgeous and talented Vikkie Krzyzanowski. If you've not visited http://bikinifitness.co.uk/ yet you really need to get yourself over there! Basically, 2 weeks ago I was feeling pretty fed up and bordering on desperate. Although I was losing weight, it was fluctuating so much that anything I lost was going back on, my weight graph was a total zig-zag! As well as logging my weight training and cardio routines on my iFitness app, I've also been logging my weight on so to give you an idea, here's my weigh-ins (not regular) from 9th to 27th October: 09/10/2010 - 150.0lbs (67.5kg) 13/14/2010 - 148.8lbs (67.0kg) 15/10/2010 - 148.6lbs (67.4kg) 16/10/2010 - 146.8lbs (66.6kg) 18/10/2010 - 148.6lbs (67.1kg) 19/10/2010 - 148.0lbs (67.1kg) 20/10/2010 - 147.2lbs (66.8kg) 24/10/2010 - 146.6lbs (66.5kg) 25/10/2010 - 147.4lbs (66.9kg) 27/10/2010 - 148.6lbs (67.4kg)  I was so demotivated and when Vikkie emailed to ask how my competition prep was going, I expressed my sheer frustration and concern at not being able to drop enough pounds before the show! So she took some details from me and put together a special bespoke diet plan for me which included how meal ingredients, properties (amounts of protein, fat, calories etc), frequency and quantity too - what a star! To say that this diet plan had a dramatic effect on my weight loss would be somewhat of an understatement. I think the figures speak for themselves: 29/10/2010 - 148.0lbs (67.1kg) 30/10/2010 - 147.2lbs (66.8kg) 31/10/2010 - 146.2lbs (66.3kg) 02/11/2010 - 147.2lbs (66.8kg) 04/11/2010 - 145.8lbs (66.1kg) 06/11/2010 - 144.6lbs (65.6kg) 07/11/2010 - 144.0lbs (65.3kg) 09/11/2010 - 143.6lbs (65.1kg)  Although this might not seem a great deal of weight lost, you need to appreciate that my weight has fluctuated between 146lbs and 150lbs for the past year now, at one point even going up to 153lbs which scared me somewhat! I think my lowest weight was around 145/6lbs when I did the Dukan Diet for a couple of weeks before realising that if I kept it up I might lose my health as well as my mind! Also please bear in mind that I've managed to achieve this weight loss while still eating around 13,000 + Calories a day comprised of at least 6 small meals... I'm basically eating every 2 hours and finding that it really suits me and has helped to shrink my stomach too :-) I won't give away *too* much info on the diet as it has been specifically tailored for my needs so if you want one of your own you'd have to contact Vikki yourself :-) Progress So, here's me on Saturday. I thought I should practice some poses for the contest. Unfortunately I find this difficult as I have an ankle injury - an Osteochondral Defect which is due surgery and the position of which means that when I put my foot into certain position - e.g. when wearing high heels - it 'catches' and hurts like hell!! I was due to have this operated on 2 days after my competition but the stress caused by mountains of work and the fact that we're *still* having building work carried out in our bedroom, meant that I just would not be able to convalesce in peace - I've been told I need around 2 weeks of total rest with my ankle elevated at all times! I think I also get crutches and a funny shoe to wear - cute! ;-) So now my operation is in January which is good as I get Christmas out of the way without having to work round a healing fragile ankle and that is just as well as we're having *both* sets of parents, plus Joe's older brother, round for the whole Christmas period! It's a good job we've got four bedrooms or I don't think we'd get everyone in! Anyway, I've gone a bit off track again so here's the pic I took on my rubbish phone while commandeering my son's bedroom as he was out at drama school. If anyone has teenage children you will appreciate what an unpleasant experience this was for me but I managed to crop most of the rubbish and junk out of the picture (I think!) and this was even after cleaning up the room a bit so I could walk to the full length mirrors without falling to my death on the array of junk that was strewn across the entire length of the room!!    I'm quite pleased with how I look in this pic. Obviously I've still got a long way to go with leaning out my legs but these are my 'problem area' as I'm classically pear shaped... I find it incredibly difficult to lose weight on my legs or butt, the latter I'm not as concerned about because it has such a nice shape but I'd love it if my legs were slimmer - especially near the top. Anyway, I'm very pleased with my stomach right now as I've been doing a tonne of sit-ups, which I deplore!! I think working my abs is my least favourite thing, it just feels too much like hard work! ;-) Training Here's what I've been up to over the last couple of days Saturday 6th October I didn't get a chance to train so it was an enforced rest day that my body was probably quite glad of! I went out in the evening for a friend's birthday drinks and managed to stay off the booze and just drink diet coke and sparkling water. This was rather difficult given how merry everyone else was but I still had a great time and a bit of a boogie too. I can't hand on heart say I wouldn't have a had a *better* time had I drunk alcohol though ;-) Sunday 7th October I was meant to train for longer on Sunday but I literally ran out of time as was busy throughout the day so I thought I'd catch my old gym before it shut at 9pm. So I ran from our new place to the old gym and blasted out a super speedy leg session before running back. Run - 2.9km - 15 mins Leg Extension - 35kg - 3 x 10 reps Leg Curl - 35kg - 3 x 10 reps Leg Press - 80kg - 3 x 10 reps Run - 2.9km - 16 mins Monday 8th October As I'm so close to my competition, Vikkie has advised me to drop the weight and up the reps which is reflected below as I usually do a lot less with more weight: Spin Class - 45 mins Bent over dumbbell rows - 10kg - 4 x 15 reps Bent over reverse dumbbell flye - 4kg - 4 x 15 reps Lat pulldown - 35kg - 4 x 15 reps Low row - 35kg/30kg - 1/3 x 12/15 reps Tuesday 9th October Boxercise! :-D I love Tuesdays for this reason! I felt weak to start but my increased fitness levels started to kick in and I managed to complete the class without dying, which is always nice ;-)  Contest Prep Bikini I'm attempting to make a bikini... well, two, in time for the show, but I'm trying to be realistic and I do have a back-up in the form of the one in the picture which is the one I wore for FAME... it's about 10 years old, lol! But I do love it :-) Tanning I've bought some Jan Tana Ultra 1 which is a new Jan Tana produce and is apparently the darkest Posing Definitely need to work on that so will have to brave the painful heels between now and Sunday! Diet & Nutrition As until recently I hadn't trained much since May this year I had quite a lot of surplus Maximusle Promax protein powder to use up and, instead of doing my usual and just order a load more I thought I'd branch out and try a few other brands so have been ordering sample sachets from various places.  I really love USN's Pure Protein, the pistachio is nice and the strawberry is so close to a regular milkshake it's unreal. There is a slight synthetic after-taste I find but that might just be me as my sense of smell and taste-buds are super-sensitive. Vikkie recommended I finish the day with a protein shake containing Casein so I have been drinking MyProtein's 'Milk Protein Smooth' in chocolate smooth flavour which is definitely an acquired taste! The powder is also really messy and what I thought was a great idea - having it in pouches - is actually a pain because of the consistency of the powder - it goes *everywhere*!! However, it's really great stuff, it doesn't taste bad, just different to regular whey, and I must say I feel like I've slept better and woken up more refreshed every time I've taken it before bed. No dodgy stomach side-effects too which is always nice! I also really like MyProtein's Impact Whey protein in Strawberry Cream flavour. I wasn't too keen on many of the others, particularly raspberry - which is a shame as it's my favourite fruit! After the competition on Sunday I'm going to take a week off to let my body recover from the intense training and I plan to schedule a couple of cheat meals too!! ;-) After that I'm going to get straight back on it as the diet I've been on has really suited me in terms of the type and quantity of the food and the results I've achieved. I'm planning to up my carbohydrate content a little though and aim for a more gradual weight loss to take me up to January when I will have to scale back my food because my activity levels will drop significantly - to zero for a few weeks at least - once I have my operation! So I'm going to need a protein powder that supports my weighloss goals and also helps me preserve my muscle and I've found a brand I've not tried before: Multipower. Multipower are a little like Maximuslce in that they offer a vast assortment of sports foods for bodybuilders, regular exercisers/gym goers and endurance athletes alike. I've particularly got my eye on a shake Multipower do called which has 25g protein per serving but only 109 Calories and 2g of carbs. This is perfect for me as I plan to continue getting my carbs from my food as I don't really like to drink them!  I'm also keen to stock up with protein bars and Multipower also do a delicious looking and sounding protein bar with 9g of protein but only 112 Calories per bar. It's called a Carnitine Bar, which isn't the most glamorous of names, but hey, if it tastes good I'm not really fussed, especially as these flavours all sound divine... Chocolate-Crisp, Strawberry-Yogurt, Vanilla-Crisp (which has a white chocolate coating - my favourite!). I really hope they taste good and I don't end up with a box of disappointment like with Optimum Nutrition's Optimal Protein Diet Bar in peanut butter flavour, I have 13 of these left that I cannot bring myself to eat... the first taste is find but the aftertaste is just horrid! I'd also really like to try Multipower's RTD 'Fitness Shake' as there's only 13g carbs but a massive 25g protein per shake... plus no mixing for lazy short-on-time people like me! :-) Anyway, I need to head off now and have dinner and work on my bikini design :-) More shortly, hope you're all well TJx 
Revision Tips As I previously mentioned in my first blog I am a GCSE student. Therefore I figured it would be beneficial for me to share some of my revision tips with you all. TIP NUMBER ONE: Begin revising in advance. When you have exams coming up you should space out your revision so your not burdened with the entire subject content in one night. You can try to construct a revision time table however I feel like they don't work for me personally as I can never stick to them. Remember the earlier you start your revision the less you'll have to cram in the night before the exam! TIP NUMBER TWO: Buy revision guides instead of textbooks. When I realised it was GCSE time I went and bought the textbooks for every single subject alongside the revision guide. Overall I feel that the revision guides taught me more as they broke down the subject content and made it easier to process and understand. Even though the textbooks can prove useful, they often contain extra information, which is usually confusing. On the other hand the revision guide sticks to the basics and it equips you with the knowledge you need. TIP NUMBER THREE:   Work hard. Play harder! In order to make your revision productive you need a little 'down time'. It is important that you maintain a social life as well as an educational life. Friends can help as they are also facing the same experiences as you therefore hanging out with them can help to relieve a lot of stress. Ensure your work time and play time are in moderation for a successful outcome. TIP NUMBER FOUR: Do not procrastinate! It is very easy to get side tracked and begin procrastinating. In order to avoid procrastination it is important that you follow tip number one. In addition to this do not over-plan. If you plan too much the truth is you won't live up to your expectations. This will result in you feeling bad about yourself and de-motivational. TIP NUMBER FIVE: Pray! This does not apply to everyone because not everyone is religious. However for many people praying relaxes the soul. It gives the feeling of peace as it allows people to believe that God will take care of their problems for them. It is important to remember that praying alone will not help you to succeed, you will need to work hard as well. TIP NUMBER SIX: Live in the moment. Enjoy the life your living and make the most of this time as it will never come back to you. I hope these tips help you xoxo
Why my Mother is amazing...  Stop Staring Sultry Turquoise Dress - I awoke this morning to find I had in fact won the dress I was drooling over yesterday…However it had nothing to do with my lucky four leaf clover under my pillow or wearing my Mums lucky ring (I have mentioned I am superstitious right?). As the listing for the dress was obviously set up for those in the US it finished at 2:30am South Australian time. Before I went to bed I put in a pretty high bid and went to sleep hoping for the best. I considered getting up at 2:20 just to check it, but as I now need to be up at 5:30am to get to work on time I thought it best not to if I wanted to function the next day… - So when I did get up at 5:30am I went straight to the computer to see if I had won, which would either make or break my day. I walked into the office to see a note and some money on the desk… My Mum had gotten up at 2:20am and placed another bid so that I didn’t miss out. Not only had she gotten up at 2:20am, she had gotten up at 2:20am on her BIRTHDAY. The note told me of how she had set her alarm, gotten up, saw I had been outbid and increased the bid in the last seconds to make sure I won. Not only that, she had left some cash on the desk (money she had planned to spend on my upcoming birthday) to go toward the now rather expensive price of the dress (it was in US dollars). It also went on to say that she hoped I wasn’t mad, as I spend lots of money of shoes too (I loved that bit hehe) and that she could see I didn’t want to miss out. So this post goes out to my AMAZING mother. Happy Birthday day Mum! I now await the dress in the mail and hope it looks half as nice on me as it does in the picture. It would certainly want to considering I paid nearly double to DaddyOs.com price just so I could one that was already in Australia and therefore would arrive on time. I am thinking teaming it with a little black hat and black driving style gloves (and black heels of course), what do you think? 
Dear John,  This is meant for when you doubt me the most. At 3am when you're awake with Oreo cookies that you'll regret in an hour. This is meant for that moment when you step aside to make that important phone call. When you are getting into your car, turn on the radio, and realize that you are completely alone. This is for when your head rewinds and nostalgia gently pulls your hands from the steering wheel and presses them into her heart. This is for when you catch yourself accidentally staring at the sky and, instead of seeing the big dipper, seeing flushed cheeks, blonde hair, and blue eyes gazing up, and then back at you, in wonder.  Maybe this is meant for tomorrow. Maybe this is meant for five years from now. Right now, in my world, it is 2am and you are closing your beautiful eyes and thinking of our conversation tonight. You are letting it lull you to sleep and you are dreaming of things that aren't me. Tires, your coworker, marshmallows, and shoelaces.  ("I would like to lie next to him in the dark and watch him breathe and watch him sleep and wonder what he's dreaming about and not get an inferiority complex if the dreams aren't about me.” )  It's funny.. Two years ago, I imagine I'd be beginning a letter something like this, It is morning.   "Dear John, I see it all now, it was wrong…"  But lately you have been writing, like you used to without me. And I wonder if you do this to bring yourself closer to me. Your head lies beside mine.  Tonight you asked me what you should write about. I told you to write about what you know. Or more importantly, what you don't know.  Well I don't know what's going to happen…  We're labeling the utensil drawer in the kitchen: "Girlfriend." "Best Friends." "Lover…"  And all my friends are probably right about you. "He's arrogant." "You'll probably fight every day like you are now." "He's selfish." "He probably won't spend enough time with you."  All the cards are wrong, scrambled like a game of 52 pickup.  You are overly confident. I am shy. You are street smart. I am book smart. You've never taken any shit from anybody. I am a pushover. Your parents would probably hate me. I like to go pumpkin picking. You're well versed in the "lie." I spit out the truth in the form of alphabet soup. You are dangerous. I am safe. You are obsessed with money. I could live happily impoverished. You're controlling. Well, so am I…  There is nothing that deems us perfect for each other. I am sorry..   But..  We're on an unpaved road in the middle of nowhere, Under the gutters of a beautiful house. I hold your calloused hands in mine and kiss the river-valleys on your palm. That scar you don't think I notice on your cheek. That clenched jaw. It's pitch black outside, but I am seeing white flashes of light. I feel your hands melting into my curves. Your breath warm on my neck, like the fire coals on cold Christmas morning. I feel your mouth slide slowly down my chest-- And our scars match. I can find Orion's belt this time of year. I wish you wouldn't leave tonight. And then you pull away, and look at me. A look that you described the other night: "… I can't believe that I was lucky enough to kiss someone like you again, and you're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen…" I ask you "what's wrong" like a skipping record. And like a favorite movie I've seen too many times, you laugh And whisper "nothing." You lean closer, and place that perfect mouth back on mine, As I hold my breath and dive back under.  It's a year and a half ago. I've followed you around this building a million times by now. I'm dirty and I made sure to bring the best clothes Because I knew I'd see you tonight. Nonchalantly, I've changed in the bathroom while you waited outside. Now we are here: Me, laying on the table, you, sitting at a nearby bench. I am looking up at the ceiling and laughing When you jump up in excitement. I rise and go to follow you in the other room When you reappear with a baseball glove and ball. I watch your body ease back, Flowing like a river-body into the ocean, Your strong arms fluidly pulling back into the windup, Concentrated. Then you strike, release, Like a black mamba launching at his pray. I watch the baseball bounce on the large wall with a "crack" And smile: It's my favorite sound. But you are already ahead of me, Scooping the ball with such ease. And I am sure this is what Grace looks like. You glance back at me with the most beautiful expression I have ever seen, A mixture of confidence and excitement. "Did you see that?" And I am sure this is what Love looks like…  It's almost two years ago. We are in a coffee shop, I remember looking for your car, unsure if you'd show. The boy I knew would never entertain a girl for coffee.. It's sunny out, and I like the way the sun warms my face. I see you peek out of the back of a gray car that I don't recognize. Time feels like this, huh? And then I see the clenched jaw, The strong shoulders, The confident walk. I freeze, if only for a second. I forgot. I forgot. I forgot. My heart forgot what it felt like to drop in my stomach. You buy my coffee, and I am surprised. The boy that I knew would never entertain a girl for coffee, And then buy it for her. It's awkward, I'm pulling at my sleeves. I want to leave. Maybe I will make something up, Work. School. Fear. But then your gaze catches mine; "The look." A hundred times before, I have seen it. It stays just for a fleeting moment, a millisecond, Like a shooting star. I stop and stare. But this must mean.. And then I catch myself before any "L" words slip out, I focus. We laugh over our childhood, and then you look over your shoulder. "Well, I have to go return this watch that I bought for my girlfriend." And I am curious. I fight myself from asking questions that immediately come to mind: "Do you love her," and instead opt for comfortable ones, slipping them on like a glove. "What's she like? Do I know her?" We say goodbye. You embrace me. It lingers. God damn, does it linger...   It's four and a half years ago. I am in my bed, buried underneath the covers, I cradle a hot, sweaty phone between my ear and my pillow. This is the holy grail, after all. You have fallen asleep 30 minutes ago. We will wake up in three hours, at the same time, And I will get dressed, and leave to see you. Five minutes in the hallway, and we will crack the jokes that we've rehearsed tonight. Everyone will laugh, But I won't. You will look at me with that gleam in your eye, And my heart will turn over onto itself, I will only smile and stare at the floor, Face flushing red. I am a novice, a rookie. Boys like you do not look at girls like me like that. You told me another story about your family tonight, And I listened, like a good friend should. But little do I know, I am collecting moments. The universe has stopped, but for an hour or two. You and I are an imitation model of the planets, attached in the center by rods, Slowly spinning around each other, Unaware of the others in our orbit. You laughed, and I stifled mine Just to hear the sound of joy rise from your throat. How I wanted to kiss the instruments that create such a song. I am suddenly stirred by a sound at the other end of the phone. Your muffled breathing-- One day there won't be a phone between us. But then… "Mmm. Courtney…" A deep, exhausted breath. I smile, and imagine myself dancing through your dreams. I know you can't hear me, But I hope somehow these words can penetrate the dimensions, Can make you feel safe, wherever you are right now, Can slide through the membrane, Can envelope the heart. "I love you…"  Well, I don't know what's going to happen...  I imagine you driving in your car on the way to her house, Singing that song that's meant for me. I see your mind switch from where you've been to where you're going. I imagine you greeting her with a kiss From that beautiful mouth that was meant for me. I imagine you telling her stifled stories that you've already told me. I imagine you taking her out, Wining and dining her. Holding her hand, And when she's not looking, Shoving your hand down into your pocket, To check if I've been thinking of you. I imagine you trying "the look" at her, But being unable to penetrate. I am the aura curled around the both of you, In small, candle-lit bistros. "…Because I know no other way than this, Where I does not exist, nor you, So close that your hand on my chest is my hand, So close that your eyes close as I fall asleep."  And so how long do we sit here, See-sawing between each others insecurities? How many nights do we fall asleep in different on opposite sides of the universe? How many nights do we look into the eyes of the one we love: "Non è abbastanza." You, hammer in hand, crashed through my walls, Only for me to stand face to face with yours...  How many times do we "move on," Just to stand in wet evening grass hands intertwined? Days later, weeks later, years later. For how long do we wade in between "Lovers" and "Best friends, Not quite feeling comfortable in this water.  I've got one foot in and one foot out. The beautiful voice of another is calling my name. Again… I'm scrutinizing your pleading glare, Warring with yourself between "stay" or "go." If you left now, I don't even know what I would want…  I need you to believe...  But I do know that this is infinite:  In my dreams it is always dark, Your arms envelope me, And I am kissing your scars in the sand. "‘Cause there is nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline no matter how many times it’s sent away."  You are like the sun beams bouncing off of Autumn leaves. Intangible, But your spotlight permeates the forest floor,  Each leaf is defined as it floats downward. And if I stand just right, I can feel your sun beam kisses. You are surrounding me. I can bite the crisp fruit of "Season" that you've warmed for me, Like the "dolcini" of sunshine.  If you reached into the dark, and dusty corners of the Hippocampus-- noun: a curved elongated ridge that extends over the floor of the descending horn of each lateral ventricle of the brain, that consists of gray matter covered on the ventricular surface with white matter, and that is involved in forming, storing, and processing memory.  And swept out every piece of me, Rearranged me on the floor like a puzzle, I bet we could be split into moments. Here's mine:  The moment I heard you cry for the first time. We bloomed out of your moment of weakness, not strength.  Later that night, The moment that you first told me you loved me.  The moment you first wrote my name in a song, Isthiswhatyouthinkofinyour3amveins. How I wish I could live inside that mind. Beautiful disaster.
Weight Loss Tips And Tricks  How To Lose Weight Quickly With The 4 Week Diet Plan. The Fastest Way To Lose Weight! Are you looking to lose weight quickly? Are you sick of all the scams out there like diet pills and infomercial products that promise the world but don’t deliver? Then I have the solution for you!  Everybody says that weight loss is an extremely difficult task that takes months and sometimes years, and that you have to eat terribly boring foods to see any results. I know for a fact that this is not true because I lost over 36 pounds in only 28 days using a secret diet I found online. I was in the exact same situation you are in now. I was overweight, lazy, and hated my body. I didn’t feel sexy, or slim, and I hated buying new clothes because I knew I always had to buy extra large size. I had tried all the diets out there – from the low carb diet, the sugar free diet, the cabbage soup diet, the mango diet, the acai berry diet, and frankly, none of them worked for me. I had tried going to the gym regularly to exercise but honestly, when you are a full-time mother with 3 kids, who has the energy to workout every day for hours on end? Then, I discovered The 4 Week Diet Plan and my life changed.  How To Lose Weight Quickly With The 3 Week Diet Plan. The Fastest Way To Lose Weight I was doing some searching on Google one day for “extreme diets”. You know, not the types of diets that take months of slow, boring progress, but the “rapid” diets that work fast. I came across an article by a world class nutritionist who said he had tried a program called The 4 Week Diet and was able to lose 1 lb of body fat a day for 2 weeks by following it. I could hardly believe it. 1lb of fat per day? I didn’t think it was possible. My goal that I had been trying for years to achieve was to lose 15 pounds. And this diet was promising that I could achieve that in only 14 days! All those years of feeling frustrated and disgusted by my body would be over in an instant. I visited The 4 Week Diet Plan and watched the video where the doctor explained how he was able to create a scientific method to burn the fat fast, without using diet pills or exercise. I had never heard someone explain a diet like this before, but everything he said made 100% sense to me. I quickly joined The 4 Week Diet and begun the process of losing weight quickly. Day 1 of following the diet, I lost half a pound of fat. Not bad. Day 2 on the diet and I lost a massive 2 lbs of fat! By the end of the first week I had lost near 10 lbs of pure body fat. My stomach was slimmer, my butt was firmer, and I could actually fit comfortably into a nice pair of jeans!  I followed the diet for the entire course of  4 weeks, and by the end of it, I had lost a staggering 36 pounds! That was more than I had expected! Friends and family were commenting how much weight I had lost, and I was getting looks from young men half my age! I had never felt healthier or happier in my entire life. I could now wear any outfit I wanted, I felt more confident. My husband was so pleased and excited. He loved my new body and our sex life improved dramatically! I owe it all to The 4 Week Diet Plan. It changed my life and it allowed me to lose so much fat off my body without having to starve myself or do strenuous exercise. It was honestly so easy to follow and keep up with. The 4 Week Diet is an extreme diet for rapid weight loss that shows you how you can lose over 36 pounds of pure body fat in just 4 weeks. Whether you want to lose weight off your belly, hips, butt, or thighs, The 4 Week Diet Plan is fastest way to lose weight quickly without diet pills or exercise. Speed up your metabolism and discover the secret foods you need to eat to burn the fat off fast with this diet used by A list celebrities and professional athletes.
Happy new in 2007 and everything hello everyone, I went to quiz games what hogwart are in house belong to I'm in Gryffindor (Yes) it from Harry Potter I love that game it was really fun, So what have you been doing you guys? I have been shopping with my firend trying on some Jeans and brought some white belt so yeah :) . and I had lunch at the McDonald and my firend had subway that it. Happy new Year everyone in 2007 :)  From Marissa xox
Calories and Weight gain ..."keep in mind that it takes 3500 calories more than your body needs to gain half a kilogram of weight.  So, if you've eaten a heavy meal and the scales register a two kilogram weight gain, for that to be accurate, the meal would have to equal at least 14,000 calories; that's like eating 8-12 whole pizzas, 23 Big Mac's or 56 bowls of pasta and tomato sauce!"  -- Weighing in on the Scale  Pat Fiducia and Anna Delany
The worst blogger that ever lived... You will have probably forgotten who I am. I just about remember myself. Today I went to my w.w meeting for the first time in a long time. I actually lost three pounds. Got myself under a big weight marker that I never ever ever wanted to hit. EVER. I never ever want to get above that.  I hope that the weight watchers catchphrase of 'This time decide to lose weight for the last time' applies to me this time. I am at my absolute heaviest. If I go up one more size in clothes I am going to have to order specially made stuff and not be able to buy from shops. I completely cannot afford to do that. I am tired of avoiding social events, friends and photographs. I am sick of denying the things that make me happy which creates that vicious fat/depression circle.  A lot is going on at work right now that is stressing me out so I need to stay positive. I have been learning to drive for almost a year and am still crap at it. This makes me sad. I need more confidence and I hope that losing this fat will make me gain some.  Cross your fingers that my will power doesn't desert me and that this time is the last time.  Over and out.
Theatre People Hello readers! As you may or may not know, I am currently the assistant editor of the amateur musical theatre department of a very popular website called theatrepeople.com.au. It is a cornucopia of all australian musical theatre facts, news and stories. As of yesterday, I am looking for new writers to join my department. I need people who are passionate about theatre and writing, who are looking to volunteer their time to a fantastic resource for performers all over the country. It is an amazing opportunity, especially considering that the website is just newly national. If you are interested, please contact me at editor.emily@theatrepeople.com.au. I'm taking submissions till the end of the week so don't miss this chance! p.s. As a side note my little sister is astounding people with her talent, and she posted a video on youtube for the first time. This proud older sister asks that you check it out! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGd_6Pml5BE
Something Sweet  Hello Friends! This time of year it can be hard for me to find time to create a card. Yesterday my project was something sweet for my coworkers. I made these decorated pretzel rods. I used a Wilton mold for the trees which proved to be more challenging than expected, but they turned out okay for my first attempt. I wasn't sure how the Wilton vanilla flavored green chips would taste, but they are really good. They melted really smooth and have a nice flavor. When I placed the decorated pretzels in the bag, something just didn't look finished. So, I stamped Merry Christmas and used my EK Success Real Estate punch to make a tag. It was nice to see the smiles on my coworkers faces when I handed them their something sweet. Thanks for stopping my my blog and have a wonderful day!
Broken for the Broken This message may be long but please read this message because it is intended for you. Some of you may know the message I am writing about and for some of you it may be the first time you hear it. I am in Rome at the moment and it is my second time here and I have had the privilege to do a lot of sightseeing. I have seen the Ruins of the ancient Roman Empire, the holy sites and amazing artwork just to name a few. But over the past two days, God has shown me so much about the heart of Jesus and what God wants to do with OUR LIVES. Pastors Rob Bell and Dan Colden wrote in their book ‘Jesus wants to save Christians’, “The Roman Empire that ruled the world in the times of Jesus was masterful in its repeated telling of one version of its story. A phrase the Caesars often used was ‘peace through victory’. They would come to a region they had not yet conquered, announced they were going to make a particular region a part of their empire, and then proceed to occupy it with their army. People protesting this arrangement could quickly find them on a cross. For those in the lands being conquered by the massive Roman military muscle, it was not peace, it was destruction. Death. The end of life as they knew it…If you have the power, it can be hard to understand the voice of those who have no power…If you have choice, options and luxuries, it can be hard to fathom the anger of those who don’t.”If you do not spend nights and days living in fear because you may be shot dead for being a particular race, class or believing in a particular religion. Then it is hard to imagine living in this fear. If you do not spend all night and day in tears because your loved ones have been sold into slavery, it can be hard to understand the tears of that person. Jesus came to this Earth to take us out of sin, out of slavery, out of the empire of entitlement, “when the fundamental awareness is lost that this is all a gift. Luxuries can begin to seem like necessities.” (I honestly use to think this way…that I could have everything and spend my money on anything I desired and other people did not matter but over the past year, the Holy Spirit has convicted me that this is not the way). Do not get me wrong; there is nothing wrong with being wealthy. The question I am asking you is how will you use your wealth? Will you use it to fight for the cause of others or will you live an indulgent lifestyle and forget those who have nothing. This kind of thinking is s radically different to the worldly ideas that pervade music, books, movies, films and our lives- A worldly view that we as individuals should satisfy their every desire, without ever questioning whether it is wrong or right or whether it hurts or disadvantages another person. Then again Jesus was and is radically different. When we forget that our abundance in indeed a gift from God, we turn to our neighbours when we see poverty stricken children on the television and say, “Someone else will fix their problem” or when we see a homeless person on the street, “it’s their own fault that he or she is homeless”. When we have so much it easy to forget the others who live on less than $2 a day. When we live in so much comfort the cries of the oppressed can become stifled. Let our hearts be broken for those who are broken. I remember walking to work one Saturday morning in May, 2008 and I saw a group of homeless people and tears just started to flow from my eyes. I thought to myself, if this hurts me, just imagine how heavy the heart of God is...So in 2009 and beyond, I challenge you dear friends to do something amazing with the amazing life that God had given you. Sponsor a child, donate money to a foundation, volunteer with an NGO or a local church, PRAY, LOBBY GOVERNMEMT to do something about the current conflict in Darfur, Zimbabwe, China Israel, Palestine, Middle East, Democratic Republic Of Congo, Somalia and other parts of our vast globe. Lobby the government to act drastically upon the homeless crisis in Australia-20, 000 people are homeless in a developed nation! Tell your friends, family and workmates about the injustice in our world and our Nation—Raise Awareness. Start your own organisation or event bringing to light the plight of the oppressed. Lets make our lives; a life lived to help others in need and serve others with everything we have. In our nation, Australia, there are desperate and broken people in our neighbourhoods, our circle of friends and our own families. Open up your heart, your ears, your eyes and arms. Reach out and love them and care for them. Extend the same GRACE to others that God extended to you. I know each and every one of you has such an awesome purpose and I just cannot wait to see all of you shining BRIGHTLY!!! You are made for so much more than working a 9 to 5 job that pays the bills! To walk into the love of God and understand the amazing, deep and life giving love that Jesus has for you. If you are yet to experience the love of God… Ask God yourself… listen to the answer and see for the signs. I really believe that God is going to do something amazing with our generation…something the world has never seen before…A compassionate, fierce, loving, humble God-fearing generation…Right now God is breathing life into us like he did at Creation’s first dawn. Calling us into being and etching the path we will take and sketching Godly purposes within our hearts. God will make a masterpiece out of our lives.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2011 Crystal Renn For those of you who aren't familiar with Crystal Renn, she is most known for being the most wanted supermodel in the Plus Size modelling and fashion industry. I think one of the greatest reasons for her fame is the fact that she started out like any other model but, after struggling and overcoming an eating disorder, she gained some weight and started working the plus-size circuit. She's been on both sides of the industry and was beautiful! A lot of people rejected the idea of her as "plus size" because I think the largest she ever wore was maybe a straight-size 14. Plus size by Australian and UK standards, but not American.  Recently she's taken the weight off again and is sitting at about 140 lbs which, considering she's the same height as me, I'd wager puts her in about a US size 8 or UK/AU size 14.  Her as a plus-size model working a bikini. Probably obvious here why a lot of true plus size ladies rejected the idea of her as plus size but still, a healthier role model than an anorexic, no? And here's some very recent shots of her as the face of the 2011 Jimmy Choo campaign looking much slimmer. Now, I've seen what they do in photoshop to these campaign models so, based on her weight, I know there's no way her tummy is anywhere near as flat as the campaign suggests. But still, good on her for getting even healthier still! She's at the ideal weight for our height now(she's the same age as me too which is cool :) ) so I think everyone should just back off. She said she'd have to develop a binge-eating disorder to maintain the kind of size the public wanted from her as a plus size model and that, at the end of the day, that's not healthy either.  Crystal Renn is the picture of health now and has a multi-million dollar campaign to boot. She's more of a role model than she's ever been. Where I used to look to her for inspiration since she was so gorgeous as a size 12 and that's a realistic goal for me to work towards, I look to her even more now that she's proven it's possible to pull the weight off even further and maintain that and be even healthier without having to go to a gym 6 days a week. I love her. :)
Sixth Form Clothing! Starting sixth form was a daunting idea, especially fashion-wise. My school is very old fashioned and strict, so our clothes had to be posh and we had to look smart. £150 pounds down and I still felt as if I had no clothes, but I've put together a few key pieces and looks for sixth form! My usual style icon is Lucy Hale, but for school, I've chosen Blair Waldorf from Gossip Girl (played by Leighton Meester), who's style is very preppy, perfect for me! Taking ideas from her, I've opted for a more formal look, with dark trousers and light blouses. More will follow later!
WEIGHT LOSS Before and After Weightloss Blog We’re going to go deep into the rabbit hole for just a moment.  A Baby Bunny I will start off by saying that my first stuffed animal was a rabbit, my mom calls me Bun Bun (short for bunny) and that I have big front teeth that some may call, bunny teeth. My obsession with the cute cuddly creatures wasn’t the only factor that came to play when naming this blog. Ever since I can remember I have been overweight, or should I say… a chubby bunny. I am not one of those naturally thin girls who gained the freshman 15, or gained weight after having children. During elementary school and high school, I was teased and bullied because of my weight. They engraved in my mind that I was fat, so I believed that was all I ever would be. I didn’t understand why my mom and sister were so petite and I was so big. What made me so much bigger than my big sister? I remember crying to myself asking “Why am I like this? Why did I have to be placed into this body? This isn’t fair, why me?” I used to wish upon shooting stars that I would have an eating disorder so I could be skinny.   Bun Bun and a bun! I had always been interested in fashion, but being 5’4 and 162lbs as a teenager, there are not a lot of stylish options out there. I remember searching for a Winter Formal dress and not being able to fit into anything. I cried in the dressing room of every store and my mom assured me that we were going to find the perfect dress. I hated shopping with friends because they always wanted to see how everything looked on me, but most of the time it would not even fit so I wouldn’t come out of the dressing room. I hated being fat, but chalked it up as “baby fat” that I would one day grow out of. I continued eating like a teenager, never thinking about what I was really putting into my body, and although the food that I ate wasn’t always unhealthy, it was just too much.  I have the most amazing parents in the entire world and they are a constant source of inspiration. My Dad is one of the most selfless, generous, hard working people I know, and has provided a safe, stable, and loving home for my family. My mom is a renaissance woman. On top of managing a household, volunteering for 5 different nonprofit organizations, and being a loving wife and outstanding mother, my mom always cooked homemade meals for us, consisting of a healthy balance and variety of foods. My parents never criticized me for my weight, what I ate, how I dressed, and always supported my insane ideas. Even when my weight started to creep up, they never acknowledged it or pressured me to lose weight. I am so lucky to have this amazing family, filled with so much love and support. Because of my parents, I truly believe that weight loss will happen when the time is right. No one can push you. You must decide to get healthy for yourself, which is exactly what I did.   Me at my junior prom in 2006 at 162lbs. Hopping along in a new direction  After coming home from a weekend trip to San Francisco with my best friend, I was sorting through photos from our adventure and posting them online. It wasn’t until I got half way through the photos that I noticed how big I had become. I was shocked and disgusted by myself and couldn’t believe that I actually looked that way. At this point, I was at my heaviest weight of 192lbs. Later that night, I was hanging out with my family, watching some awesomely terrible reality TV, when my dad said “I think I’m going to try Nutrisystem, my buddy did it and dropped a ton of weight and has kept it off.” I looked at him in that very moment and said “I’ll do it with you!” and my dad’s reply, “Ok, but you actually have to do it and follow the plan if we order it. No cheating!” The timing was perfect. Just hours after looking at photos of my chubby self and being so unhappy with my own body and not strong enough to confront it alone, this window of opportunity opened up. My sister even chimed in “not fair, I don’t want to cook!” referring to all of the Nutrisystem meals being prepared and delivered to your door. She is so positive and loving. You will never meet anyone as kind or as happy as my sister. I love my family and their support was key to my success. I can’t say it enough.   Halloween weekend in San Francisco 2010 at my heaviest of 192lbs. Yes I was a loofah! Our orders arrived a week later and I was excited to change my body and leave my old habits of snacking and overeating behind. I immediately went through my pantry and fridge in my apartment and threw everything out. I replaced the midnight macaroni, gummy bears, and unhealthy snacks with my month’s worth of NS meals and “approved snacks” i.e. veggies, nonfat yogurt, and hard-boiled eggs. My dad and I would email each other about our progress or… lack there of in his case! Each day on the program was new and exciting, and I was going strong learning all about portion control, the right carbs and seeing fantastic results. After sticking with the program for some time, I began to feel sluggish, tired, and weak. I was sticking to my program and getting tons of sleep, which lead me to think that something else was wrong. I went to my doctor, who ran a panel of blood tests for autoimmune diseases and test my blood sugar. All of my tests came back normal, which was great to hear, but did not tell me why I was so mentally and physically drained all the time. I decided to end the overly processed and preservative rich Nutrisystem diet. The Nutrisystem program was the perfect kick start to my weight loss and healthy eating, but it was time to continue on my own. It was a terrifying decision, to leave the program cold turkey because I would have to start making decisions about what I ate all by myself, but I had learned proper portion control and eating habits and always had Nutrisystem to fall back on if worse came to worst.  Discovering rabbit food To keep myself inspired to lose weight, I started buying magazines such as Shape, Fitness, and Women’s Health. While reading these monthly magazines, I was inspired by certain nutritionists and dietitians and would take detailed notes about their healthy eating tips. I started finding that articles I was tearing out or dog-earring were by the same writers. I started a list of my favorite contributors and recipes (many by vegan whole foods chef, Chef AJ) and wanted to learn more about them. After researching these amazing health and fitness experts, I learned tons of information and new ideas for healthy eating. I compiled a gigantic grocery list to help me get started cooking my own healthy meals. I knew that if I had a house stocked with everything I needed for healthy meals, there would be no temptation to stray and grab something unhealthy for a quick fix. I broke my grocery list into sections of protein, produce, whole grains, and plant based fats. My mom agreed to go to Whole Foods with me to gather all of my essentials that I needed to start a healthy kitchen of my own. We probably spent 2 hours in Whole Foods roaming the aisles as I tried to located things like chia seeds, and tempeh. My mom is so patient! I started creating recipes that consisted of one serving from each food group. For breakfast and a snack, I would have a fruit for my produce, and for lunch and dinner I would use vegetables to get a nice balance. It was fun coming up with different recipes using these 4 food groups, and the possibilities were endless. I had lost 60lbs at that point, which brought me down to 132lbs. I had much more energy and I credit that to the fresh unprocessed whole foods that I had been eating. People were really starting to notice my weight loss and I was becoming happier and more confident each and every day.   At my 22nd birthday party in 2011 at 132lbs. Falling down the rabbit hole My 22nd birthday was just around the corner and I couldn’t wait to wear an adorable new dress and show off my new figure. The night of my birthday party, I was so nervous to eat or drink anything in fear of gaining weight, so I just pushed everything around on my plate and only sipped on water. At the time I was so happy with how I looked and what I had accomplished that not eating at my own birthday party didn’t matter to me. Now when I look back, I am sad that I couldn’t allow myself to even celebrate my own day.  Cooking for myself and eating healthy seemed to be working out, until one day that I remember very clearly. After I ate a balanced healthy lunch, I still wanted something else to eat, so I reached for an apple. I knew I wasn’t hungry and didn’t give my body sufficient time to feel full from my meal and caved into my cravings for more. After eating lunch and an apple I felt so guilty that I wanted to throw up. I felt as if that one extra apple was going to cause me to gain all 60lbs back. It was a measly apple, but I was so used to staying so perfectly on plan and measuring everything out precisely with a food scale, that I truly believed that I had ruined my weight loss path. To compensate for that apple, I decided to not eat dinner in fear of seeing the number on the scale go up in the morning. The next day, I still felt guilty and angry with myself for “overeating.” I was acting like I had become a complete failure. I became so obsessed with trying to lose more weight and have a perfect body that I started severely restricting my calories. I cut meals in half and cut out carbs completely. Eating the smallest single serving cup of yogurt, or more than half of my meal made me question myself. At this point I was probably eating around 800 calories a day and I still felt guilty. I would go on 3 mile runs everyday to burn off my microscopic breakfast and lunch and would usually skip dinner. I became so obsessed with dieting and losing weight that it was all I thought about, day and night. My eating had become so restrictive that I wouldn’t eat when I went out to restaurants with friends and could no longer enjoy food. My restrictive lifestyle soon turned into a vicious cycle of starving all day followed by uncontrollable binge eating. I was at my lowest weight of 100lbs and it wasn’t until I noticed my ribcage strangely poking out of my chest and that sitting on hard surfaces became so uncomfortable on my sharp tailbone that I realized what I was doing was wrong.  At my smallest of about 100 lbs in fall 2011. I turned to the internet in search of some sort of help and advice to turn things around. I stumbled upon numerous blogs by young women who had similar stories after losing a substantial amount of weight and were willing to share with the world. So many stories hit so close to home, and it was calming to know that I wasn’t the only one. I became so inspired by the women who were brave enough to confront their problems and blog about their story, journey, and recovery to optimal health. I started following a number of healthy living/eating blogs and turned to them for support every day. I fell in love with the support and devotion of the blogging community and feel like it has contributed so much to my new outlook on food, exercise, and health.  Getting back on my rabbit feet As dumb and obvious as it sounds, I have learned that eating an extra apple one day will not cause me to gain weight. It may seem silly, but it took me a long time to come out of that “all or nothing” restrictive mindset and learn that food is not the enemy. I have been cooking my healthy rabbit food and have learned to respect my body. I know that food and body image will always be somewhat of a struggle for me, but I have come so far and become so strong that I know I can certainly maintain my new healthy lifestyle. After being an avid blog reader, I felt that it was my time to share my story with the world. I want to tell my story to help others who may have stumbled over the same hurdles, to inspire, and to have fun with food and exercise. Now it’s time to make some rabbit food!
Weekly Weigh In Lost 2.5lbs this week, so last weeks gain is gone. Am struggling today, my auntie died this morning, we didnt know anything was wrong and then all of sudden we were told she had hours to live so its all a bit of a shock. I was badly affected by my uncle dying 8 years ago, and i'm feeling just like i felt when he died, in fact i'm thinking more about him. I've never had bereavement councilling but i think i'm going to have to look into it, i'm obviously not as over him as i thought i was. When Ken died i turned to food in a big way, and ended up 9 stone heavier. I dont want to undo all my hard work, but at the moment i just want a pizza and onion rings, and chocolate and crisps and cream cakes and all the things i shouldnt be having. Have bought some carrots and humous to try and stave off these cravings. Night Night God Bless Geraldine. 17.03.50 - 26.02.09
Our submission to the Racial Discrimination Act consultation Dear lawmakers, The thing is, people already have the freedom to be bigots. And in spite of federal and state laws, bigots feel free to shout slurs at us as we commute to school or work, to mock our customs, our appearance and our accents, to question and challenge our presence in this country. We see ourselves demonised in television dramas and stereotyped in advertising. We see ourselves erased from history and marginalised in political discussion. For the most part, racism in Australia flourishes uninterrupted. Alan Jones still has a radio show, and continues to broadcast xenophobic hate speech even after he racially vilified people of Middle Eastern backgrounds in the lead up to the Cronulla riots. Andrew Bolt still has his newspaper column, as well as a television show, in which he regularly espouses Stolen Generations denial, among other offensive untruths. Andrew Bolt’s attempt to intimidate light-skinned Aboriginal people from publicly identifying as Aboriginal was found in breach of the Act because it contained factual errors and inflammatory and provocative language. Bolt’s intimidation continues regardless of this finding. Bolt has targeted up to thirty light-skinned Aboriginal persons, including school children, on his blog under implicit headers of 'No Comment'. If the present provisions are ill-equipped to shield even vulnerable Aboriginal school children from racism and humiliation, weakening these provisions seems an unnecessary limitation of already scant protections. These limitations are, in our view, incorrectly made in the name of open and free public discourse which is by no means violated by the present Act. However, these changes may have the effect of disincentivising participation in public discourse for persons who have fear of such racial vilification. The proposed changes to the Racial Discrimination Act hollow out the core of a piece of legislation that is already very limited and specific in its possible applications. We oppose all of the proposed changes, as we will discuss in more detail below. Proposed repeal: 18B. Reason for doing an act If: (a)  an act is done for 2 or more reasons; and (b)  one of the reasons is the race, colour or national or ethnic origin of a person (whether or not it is the dominant reason or a substantial reason for doing the act); then, for the purposes of this Part, the act is taken to be done because of the person’s race, colour or national or ethnic origin. Repealing subsection 18B appears to condone any vilification or intimidation on the grounds of race, colour or national or ethnic origin of a person so long as there is a secondary reason for the act. For example, talking about a flood of cashed-up Chinks would appear to be acceptable as long as it is also a commentary on the real estate market. As women of colour, the racism that we experience often intersects with sexism. We are concerned that repealing 18B will make it more difficult to redress vilification that targets us on the basis of gender, sexuality, disability or other factors in addition to race, colour or national or ethnic origin. For example, will the new Act excuse referring to a migrant woman as a ‘mail-order bride’ because this is said on the basis of her gender and relationship as well as her race and national origin? Proposed repeal: 18C. Offensive behaviour because of race, colour or national or ethnic origin (1)  It is unlawful for a person to do an act, otherwise than in private, if: (a)  the act is reasonably likely, in all the circumstances, to offend, insult, humiliate or intimidate another person or a group of people; and (b)  the act is done because of the race, colour or national or ethnic origin of the other person or of some or all of the people in the group. Note: Subsection (1) makes certain acts unlawful. Section 46P of the Australian Human Rights Commission Act 1986 allows people to make complaints to the Australian Human Rights Commission about unlawful acts. However, an unlawful act is not necessarily a criminal offence. Section 26 says that this Act does not make it an offence to do an act that is unlawful because of this Part, unless Part IV expressly says that the act is an offence. (2)  For the purposes of subsection (1), an act is taken not to be done in private if it: (a)  causes words, sounds, images or writing to be communicated to the public; or (b)  is done in a public place; or (c)  is done in the sight or hearing of people who are in a public place. (3)  In this section: "public place" includes any place to which the public have access as of right or by invitation, whether express or implied and whether or not a charge is made for admission to the place. And proposed addition: 1. “ It is unlawful for a person to do an act, otherwise than in private, if: a. the act is reasonably likely: i. to vilify another person or a group of persons; or ii. to intimidate another person or a group of persons, and b. the act is done because of the race, colour or national or ethnic origin of that person or that group of persons. 2. For the purposes of this section: a. vilify means to incite hatred against a person or a group of persons; b. intimidate means to cause fear of physical harm: i. to a person; or ii. to the property of a person; or iii. to the members of a group of persons. Repealing and replacing Section 18C with the new proposed wording on vilification and intimidation will severely reduce the already limited protection available in the Act. The revised Act will make racial insults, offenses and humiliation acceptable unless they can be proven to ‘incite hatred’ or ‘cause fear of physical harm’. It will not recognise the substantial psychological harm that insult and humiliation causes to individuals, nor the social toll through which vilification makes racialised minorities doubt our rights to be visible, to be heard and to be active participants in the future of our nation. Proposed repeal: 18D. Exemptions                   Section 18C does not render unlawful anything said or done reasonably and in good faith:                     (a)  in the performance, exhibition or distribution of an artistic work; or                     (b)  in the course of any statement, publication, discussion or debate made or held for any genuine academic, artistic or scientific purpose or any other genuine purpose in the public interest; or                     (c)  in making or publishing:                              (i)  a fair and accurate report of any event or matter of public interest; or                             (ii)  a fair comment on any event or matter of public interest if the comment is an expression of a genuine belief held by the person making the comment. And proposed addition: 4. This section does not apply to words, sounds, images or writing spoken, broadcast, published or otherwise communicated in the course of participating in the public discussion of any political, social, cultural, religious, artistic, academic or scientific matter. We are very concerned by the broad range of exemptions under this proposed sub-section, which will have the effect of permitting public discussion which is intimidating or vilifying without any requirements of fairness, accuracy, sincerity, reasonableness or good faith. In the context of this nation’s eugenicist past, we are especially anxious about an exemption for discussions of ‘scientific’ matters, and the impact such scientific exemptions may have on public discourse surrounding persons vulnerable to racism, and the Stolen Generations. The proposed change also specifically targets the capacity of racialised groups to collectively protest vilification as an issue of justice and national political interest. Several commentators have said that Pat Eatock et al could have won a defamation case against Andrew Bolt. Instead they chose to sue under the Racial Discrimination Act which offers no damages, but which more accurately frames the issues as intimidation of a racialised group rather than defamation of several individuals. Currently the Racial Discrimination Act’s provisions relating to racial hatred are often used in relation to public discussion in the course of the matters outlined above, as private acts do not come under the Act. Anything less would possibly be seen as trivial. We ask when the Attorney-General imagines the new provisions would apply if not in cases exempt under this sub-section. Proposed addition: 3. Whether an act is reasonably likely to have the effect specified in sub-section (1)(a) is to be determined by the standards of an ordinary reasonable member of the Australian community, not by the standards of any particular group within the Australian community. The implication of this addition is that the current law panders to oversensitive minorities, that we require an 'ordinary reasonable member of the Australian community' to decide what real racism is. In the media coverage of the discussion surrounding the changes, it is apparent that people who admit they have never experienced racism nevertheless feel they would be best placed to arbitrate it. While lack of experience in other areas rarely implies expertise, it seems when it comes to racism, experience is seen as a problem, undermining ‘neutrality’. We challenge the possibility of neutrality or an ‘ordinary reasonable’ perspective in relation to an Act that is specifically designed to provide redress in relation to vilification, intimidation and offence situated within historical and ongoing unequal power relations. We think the current Act should be rephrased to clarify that vilification (offence, insult and humiliation) should be assessed by the standards of the affected community (as it has been interpreted by the courts to date). In conclusion, we feel the proposed changes effectively negate any protections against racial hatred that the Act can offer. The changes champion powerful media commentators’ lust for offense, humiliation and lucrative controversy over the rights of marginalised Australians to observe and participate in public discussion free from vilification. The changes also suggest ignorance of the social and political context which creates the demand for laws against racial hatred. We urge the government to work harder at understanding and challenging racism. Yours sincerely, the undersigned members of the Women of Colour Network Australia [names and personal details removed for privacy reasons]
Gut Health and Weight Loss: Everything You Need to Know Gut health—we hear all about it. But did you know your gut health can affect your weight loss?  According to PLOS Biology, scientists estimate that you’re carrying around 38 trillion bacteria, which is 800 billion more bacterial cells than you have human cells. It’s so much bacteria, in fact, that it weighs about .44 pounds in the average male. But that’s not the only way your microbiome—a fancy word for the bacteria living inside you—affects your weight. You’ve probably heard that having “good” bacteria can help you stay regular, but the bugs in your body can affect your health—and your weight—in other ways, too.   10 Nutrisystem-Approved Foods to Lose Belly Fat  READ MORE  Here’s what you need to know about your gut health: gut healthGut bacteria affects how well your diet works. You may have heard that the more fiber you eat, the leaner you’ll be: In fact, one study published in Science Daily found that for every 10 grams of fiber you eat each day, your belly fat could be reduced by four percent.  Here’s the funny thing: Your body can’t digest most of the fiber you eat. But, according to the review Cell, bacteria can—and the type of bacteria that feed on fiber could be the reason this nutrient helps you lose weight. One of these fiber-feeding bacteria is called Prevotella. In one study from 2018, published in the International Journal of Obesity, dieters with more of this bug in their biome lost five more pounds when dieting than participants with less of this bacteria swimming in their systems. And Prevotella is found in higher concentrations in people who eat high-fiber diets.  gut healthGut bacteria can make you feel full—or hungry. When we think about controlling hunger, we often talk about the signals our gut sends to our brain—your stomach tells your mind that you’re hungry, and you get peckish. But, according to Nature Reviews: Endocrinology, some scientists say that the relationship can also be thought of as being between your gut bacteria and your brain.  If your gut bacteria have more of their kind of food to eat, it could mean you’re less hungry. When scientists in a study published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition gave study participants a supplementation of prebiotics—nutrients like fiber that bacteria feed on—their guts produced more of a hormone called peptide YY, which is associated with feelings of fullness. Those participants giving their gut biome something to eat wanted less to eat—they had less hunger than those who didn’t consume the prebiotics.  healthy foodOkay, so what can I do to improve my gut health? All this science is interesting, but this is the important part: How you can make your gut’s bacteria help you be healthier and lose more weight.  Here’s three things to do:   Talk to your doctor about safe supplementation. Don’t just ask about probiotics, but about prebiotics—these are foods, nutrients, and supplements that “good” gut bacteria like to eat, providing fuel for the bacteria so they can bloom in your belly. And, according to Diabetologia, they can help make things better: Studies have found that prebiotic supplementation has helped reduce diabetes, improves feelings of fullness and improved glucose response after meals.  Eat lots of soluble and insoluble fiber. Fiber comes in two types: Soluble fiber, the kind found in oats, blueberries and beans, can help keep your blood sugar stable. Insoluble fiber, found in vegetables, keeps your intestines moving, and is associated with better bowel movements. Both kinds will help your belly bacteria reach a good balance: Vegetables help improve the overall diversity of bacteria in your gut, while whole grains and other soluble fibers give bacteria something to snack on—which can help you lose weight, according to Molecular Metabolism.  Eat fermented foods. Yep, yogurt—but also kefir, sauerkraut and other fermented foods can help increase the diversity of bacteria in your intestines.  Avoid too much sugar. Not only is sugar high in calories and low on nutrients, but it can also upset the balance in your gut. The more sugar you eat, the more bacteria your body produces that can process the sugar—meaning more of this “bad” bacteria and less of the “good” stuff. And that bad stuff, according to Cell Reports, increases your susceptibility to metabolic disease—like high blood pressure, diabetes and obesity. Deny those bad bacteria their food source! Trade in added sugars for natural sugars from fruit, and watch your good bacteria bloom—and your weight loss goals blossom.
What is Fattening? You hear people say, "I can't have that, it's fattening" all the time. What does fattening really mean? Presumably it means that the food you are eyeing is likely to add fat to your body. But how do people define 'fattening'? Is it a certain number of calories? A certain amount of fat?  Just about any food can provide you with an excess of calories if you eat too much of it. Likewise, there may be a very calorie-dense food (like chocolate cake or pecan pie) that won't really add on the pounds if you choose to consume a small portion of it.  I'd like to challenge you to re-define your use of the word. Think about foods in terms of portion sizes. Realize that apples may be fattening if you eat 10 of them at one time (total calories: 600), and a three-musketeers bar is not fattening if you have one fun sized bar (total calories: 60).  There are virtually no foods prohibited from a weight loss diet when consumed in moderation. Find out which of the foods you regularly eat are very high in calories (butter, salad dressing, ice cream) and reduce your portions of them or find lower calorie alternatives (spray butter; low-fat or low-calorie dressings; ice milk or low-fat ice cream). Fill up on the low calorie foods that you enjoy (carrots, watermelon, rice cakes, low-fat yogurt) to satisfy your hunger. Remember that foods themselves are not fattening, but rather it is how much you eat of them that makes them higher in calories.  What can you eat a smaller portion of this week to save on calories? Let us know!
We're Trying To Bleach You White. I didn't put the video of it on as had the photo here, its much easier than fighting with the camera software. There wasn't a mark on my car before they started spraying us, my dog and myself. I saw the squirts coming right at us many times and tasted it many also, we had eventually started to sleep in the car as I couldn't stay in my home anymore, but then we couldn't even stay in our driveway to sleep either. As for bleaching me white, well was born that colour any way, so your bloody colour blind mate. Are you racist also??? I left my home, I had to walk out and leave everything I had struggled so hard to get in the 16 months I was there. And on a pension it is a struggle as all pensioners know, I moved in with a fork, spoon, knife, plate, small frypan, couple of other things, and left a fully furnished, all cutlery, crockery, linen, etc, etc. t.v. dvd and a lot of my art work, and just took what would fit in the car. It had got to the stage I couldn't even go in there to get a cup of coffee or to feed my dog. After leaving we spent nearly a week in the car, down the river, and then found a caravan park further on. It did not stop though, harassment, on the road. As I drove into the town on the river they said "We've got you on our books as a woolly wooftah" then later as leaving, about the same spot "No work here". I also have another video to put on (which will explain what I have just stated about other forms of their harassment campaign,) in the next post. Not long after leaving the house, maybe a couple of days, they said "Put it down now she's learnt her lesson, she'll stay away from children". I intend SOME WAY OR ANOTHER to get this in the media, what they said, EVEN if I have to pay for it myself. I will NOT put up with that kind of filth said to me, or done to me because of someone's perverted jealousy. Approximately a week ago, have it video taped as the 28-04-10, they, or rather the bitch, said, 'we're starting all over again now". This has been true. Tonight earlier I was at the van door vomitting. My dog was also, yesterday morning, about 4am. As I said I do intend to get this printed some way, what they have been up to. They're putrid bloody filth.  Last night there were flashes of light through the caravan, immediately get told "I'm playing a laser game", yeah, especially when you feel something go across your head and you start tasting blood.  Not long after I arrived here I had to go to the local hospital and have a nebuliser, I couldn't breathe hardly and had actually been sleeping outside the hospital a lot of nights in case I had to get in there quickly, I am also on a puffer now which I never had to have before. This has been bad like this since they said "We can make it all chemical try fighting that if you can," last year. Also about a week ago they said you can die one of three ways, chemically, lasers, electronically. How very sick and pathetic. If you click on the link on the right, Bad Experiment, you will see in one of his later posts "Gangstalking In the News". Lately I have noticed more and more stories getting the proper exposure regarding this filthy practice. There is also a radio station in America I think its called Truth Radio, or Truth Brigade I think, which also gives gangstalking exposure. This is happening more in the world now. Gangstalking is just a polite word for Murder, nothing more.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!  As Alex and I get ready to spend hours on the road visiting our Michigan and Missouri families over the next two weeks, I will be thinking of how grateful and lucky I am to have the support of so many amazing people. You have blessed my life in so many ways without ever knowing it or receiving recognition for it. Even if you're someone who just visits my blog regularly and never leaves a comment... thank you. Thank you for listening. Thank you for caring. Thank you for understanding.  To my clients, all of whom I consider dear friends- thank you for inspiring me every day - without you, I would be nothing. Thank you for encouraging me and supporting my passion. Thank you for opening your heart to me and sharing some of the most amazing moments of your life with me. I'm humbled by your love and compassion time and time again. Because of you, I strive to be a better person each day.  To my photographer friends whom I've grown so fond of, thank you for sharing your wisdom, your questions, and your ideas. I owe so much of my progress over the last year to the many things I've learned from you, and will continue to learn every day. I never take for granted how far I've come on the shoulders of other people. I only hope that I can continue to pay it forward for others.  To my friends and family, who have been with me every step of the way, thank you for your patience, for never crushing my spirit, and for allowing me the freedom to explore until I found something I was truly passionate about. My life has taken many twists and turns over the years, and no matter what direction I wanted to take, you were always right there with me enjoying the journey. Thank you for continuing to support me in all that I do. Because of you, I am successful in everything I put my heart into.  ... and last, but certainly not least... thank you God for bringing all of these amazing people and gifts into my life. Though there are times I don't feel worthy, I am always grateful and careful not to take these gifts for granted. My life is so blessed!
Where have I gone? I have worked all my adult life helping kids avoid bullies. Ignore it. You are better than that. Tell someone. The bully has bigger issue, let's try to understand them. When you've trusted someone with all your faults and foibles, secrets and hopes and been as real as you can be: and they turn on you and treat you appallingly - that stings. When you are a kid. When you are an adult you go through loads of feelings, the whole range sometimes. When you are an adult with a mental health disorder it is all these things, plus you need to try and keep yourself safe. And when the good friend who dumped on you after 15 years of friendship, knowing what it would do to you as they have a very close relative with MH themselves? You can fill in the rest. I AM still blogging, but am starting afresh, hopefully somewhere where, "Dear Reader" she will leave me alone.
It's easy to lose weight... ...when you're in love. Seriously, I care next to nothing about eating, let alone overeating. So that's my weight loss recommendation.  Get in the early stages of love where you don't want to think about anything else except for the person that makes you so happy.  So easy to do, right? In related news, I received a insider tip from someone in my company that said that we're not doing great.  I will likely need to change jobs before the year is up.  I'm not worried at all - I was looking for a job when I found this one.  I'm confident in my skills and abilities as a leader and individual contributor and I feel confident that I will be able to find something that will fit.  It may involve a move to the bigger city near me (the one I just moved from).  Good news - that's closer to the boyfriend and larger pool of employers. Bad news - I'd have to figure out where to live AGAIN and worry about day cares and school ratings. BUT I don't need to make that decision now as these changes aren't necessarily imminent so I'm choosing to not clutter up my brain with thoughts of what if and trying to plan out mitigation strategies for the various possibilities. I'm letting that shit go for now.
Babysitting 101: The Pre-Babysitting Meeting babysitting Hey, lovely! So as you know, my blog is dedicated to teenage girls, like myself, and all the things we enjoy :). Well, do you know what a lot of us enjoy? Making money, ha! However, us being teenage girls, it can be really hard to get a “real job” if you aren’t old enough. So what do we do? Babysit. So I have decided to start a brand new series called Babysitting 101. I already have a couple post roughly laid out and I am soooo excited!! Enjoy!  I have had tons and tons of experience with babysitting, including my St. John’s babysitting course. One of the jobs I had for a year and a half was 8 kids (under 5) for an hour three times a week, yep, you heard me right! I used to work at a ladies gym and I would babysit for the moms while they were in a workout class, and man, they were a handful. That is just the beginning of my babysitting experiences, and I got a lot more! So I thought this would be a really helpful series for you guys and I hope you enjoy! HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT: OMG!!! You won’t believe it! I just launched my FREE 6 Days To Being The Best Babysitter On The Block Email Course! It goes through everything and anything you NEED to know about babysitting with tons of tips & tricks, not to mention 2 FREEBIES!!! Sign up here!  Pre-Babysitting Meeting Okay, so this first post is all about preparing to babysit, and what you want to prepare/get ready before you are taking care of those kids. The babysitting course I took recommended having a pre-babysitting meeting with the parents. If you have never met the kids before, I suggest having the meeting/interview beforehand. You could have this meeting before the parents leave, or a couple days before, up to you. Anyway, the main idea of the meetings is so you can introduce yourself to the kids and parents, go over any specific instructions, allergies, bedtimes, mealtimes, expectations, etc. This will only take about 20 minutes, and it’s a great idea if you are babysitting for a family for the first time. This also gives the kids a chance to warm up to you, making the actual babysitting much easier, and lets the parents meet you if they haven’t already. In this meeting, you want to…  Meet and get the know the kids. Try to remember names and ages if possible. Find out if any of the kids have special needs or allergies. Discuss house rules/ground rules. Get a tour so you are familiar with the house. Inquire about bedtimes. Talk about meal times and if you will be feeding the children when you babysit. Talk about any other information you should know about the kids.  Babysitting Fill-Out Emergency Sheet Now, something you are going to want to bring to the meeting is a fill-out sheet. This will include kids names, allergies, parent’s phone numbers, the address of the place you are babysitting, emergency numbers etc. Now, don’t worry your pretty little brain, to make things easy for you, I have made you guys a FREE Babysitters Checklist! To Get Your FREE Babysitters Checklist, all you have to do is subscribe to my mailing list and it will arrive straight to your inbox! Just click the image 😀  Once you have your checklist, you can take that to the meeting or with you every time you babysit. You can kindly ask the parents to fill it out before they leave and you are golden! I promise it will make your life sooooo much easier. It can also be really helpful to remember all the information the parents told you before they leave, and it allows the parents to give you special instructions. It would also be a complete lifesaver in emergency situations so I highly, highly, recommend you bring it with you every time you babysit.  Now, you guys are also going to want to take a Babysitting Kit with you, which includes games for the kids, personal items, first aid kit, etc. I will cover all of that in detail in the next Babysitting 101 post! Stay tuned for next week where I cover how to make your very own DIY Babysitters Kit with all the essentials you need to babysit smoothly! You’ll be the best babysitter on the block! I hope you guys enjoyed this first post and are excited for the rest in this series! I am working on HUGE changes to the blog, that is why this post was a little light (I may or may not be changing programs completely!), so stayed tuned for the Babysitting 101 series AND the new changes! 
The Order. Hi, My name is Rachel and I need to lose weight. 5 months ago I gave birth to the most beautiful little boy in the world, but my body sure is paying for it now! I signed up today to the 1.2.3 Diet Plan, found here: http://www.facebook.com/groups/228432763834737/ I've read so many inspirational stories so far on this webpage, I couldn't resist trying. It's my first diet try since my pregnancy, and hopefully will be my last! There is so many wonderful and beautiful women already on this website with positive stories and evidence of it working for them, brought me to tears almost seeing these women conquer their insecurities and post before photos of themselves with promise of more weight loss, just simply amazing. So, here it goes. The 1.2.3 Diet Plan Challenge, it consists of no point counting, no worrying about what you're eating as there is lots and lots of food available for you to try out and eat and stay thin, and more importantly, HEALTHY! I ordered my plan today, and will hopefully receive it on Monday, when I will officially start my diet. On Monday I will post (if I dare) a before picture.. and I will post on any weight loss/gain progress honestly. 
This Is What No One Tells You About Massive Weight Loss  In the fitting room of a Limited Too in Miami, I told my mother, You’re hurting me. She was sausaging my body into an American flag T-shirt in the largest size they sold.    She was trying to help.  REAL LIFE. REAL NEWS. REAL VOICES. Help us tell more of the stories that matter from voices that too often remain unheard. Join HuffPost Plus In the third grade, I’d pore over their catalog for hours, longing not only for the bohemian-chic bandana halter tops but for the body that would allow me to wear them. The T-shirt was for a patriotic school event, red, white and blue temporarily replacing our khaki-based uniforms. I ended up wearing something else.  After spending my entire childhood inside an obese body, I finally lost 80 pounds in my early 20s, having thought I’d already tried everything. I’d said as much to my boyfriend at the time, who would frequently remark on the attractiveness of other, thinner women. He assured me that it was all just thermodynamics, that I could lose the weight if I “really wanted to.” In a passive-aggressive quest to prove him wrong, I started starving myself outright. (Did I mention how healthy this relationship was?)  As the pounds came off, I had to admit he was right ― but given my new body, I still won. Or at least, so I thought at the time.  In many ways, my weight loss changed my life for the better. My elevated blood pressure and resting heart rate dropped to normal, and later athletic, levels; I discovered passions for hiking steep trails and lifting heavy weights.  And I definitely slammed into a solid slutty streak after I’d shed the bulk of my excess body fat, intoxicated by a new ubiquity of male attention that I’d hungered so long for. I tried out my new body with six partners in as many months, having only had two in the four years since I’d lost my virginity.   But now that I’ve had this “new” body for half a decade, I have more insight into the not-so-intuitive ― and not-so-nice ― consequences of significant weight loss.  Weight loss is difficult to do, but simple to conceive: consume less than you burn. On a living-life level, of course, the effort required is monumental, and it can have lasting effects on the psyche.  Walking on the beach in Saint Augustine, Florida, in 2008 or 2009. One of the happiest days I can remember, 220-ish pounds no PHOTO COURTESY OF JAMIE CATTANACH Walking on the beach in Saint Augustine, Florida, in 2008 or 2009. One of the happiest days I can remember, 220-ish pounds notwithstanding. In the Netflix Original ”To the Bone,” anorexia patient Lily Collins is accused of having “calorie Asperger’s.” Although I could never be mistaken for an anorexic, I can relate. Food doesn’t look like food anymore so much as it does a sets of numbers: calories, grams of carbohydrate, minutes of cardio. I still track every single thing I eat, down to sticks of gum or sips of seltzer; I spend up to two hours in the gym on a nigh-daily basis. I follow strict and somewhat arbitrary food rules and indulge in massive, late-night binges. Although I only overeat foods in my “safe” categories, I might still consume 2,000 calories in a sitting, knocking back half a pound of almonds or a whole box of protein bars. Then I’ll turn around the next morning and crank the elliptical as high as it goes, trying try to burn it right back off again.   If that sounds to you like an eating disorder ... yeah, probably. While I don’t have an official diagnosis, I do have a go-to half-joke that on a scale from one to exercise bulimia, I’m sitting at about a three. And what’s worse, part of the reason I haven’t been diagnosed is that the thought of seeking treatment is scarier than continuing to live like this. I like my disordered eating. I like the control I feel like it gives me, even though it’s so obviously out of my control.   The problem is, it feels like power: the man who leans out of his truck window to say, Ma’am, you’re absolutely beautiful ― just in case no one’s told you today. The man who drops to his knees before me on the sidewalk, hands aloft as in prayer. The man who eyes my crossed legs in the coffee shop and asks if I’m a dancer. And the tangible perks, too: the man who smiles shyly at me from behind glass, finding me a free ticket even though the show’s sold out. All those speeding violations reduced to warnings.   I’d come to this after having been told, in no uncertain terms, I was repulsive. I was the kind of girl boys dared each other to kiss in high school because the concept was that hilarious. And when they did, my heart leapt, starved as it was for attention. To see life from the other side is dizzying, unthinkable. The whole world lays itself at the feet of beautiful women, I wrote in my journal, still not convinced I owned the adjective.  The problem is, you don’t figure out until much too late why you so longed for that attention ― the cultural reality that a woman’s worth is tied largely to her physical appearance. And the problem is, in a culture that proves you’re worth only the commodification of your body, you’ll do absolutely anything to keep the validated version.   Photo after hiking up Mount Wheeler, the tallest in the state of New Mexico, in the fall of 2018. PHOTO COURTESY OF JAMIE CATTANACH Photo after hiking up Mount Wheeler, the tallest in the state of New Mexico, in the fall of 2018. The fear of my apparent beauty ― more accurately, the fear of losing it ― holds me inside a cage, a calorie-counting, Stairmaster-stepping life that’s nothing like what I’d imagined. I remember watching the pretty, thin girls in high school, how they’d miraculously eat lunches of pizza and French fries with no apparent consequences. Their lives, I thought, must be one long party: a stream of flirtations and consummations punctuated by guilt-free culinary indulgences.   But once my body approximated theirs, my enslavement to my newfound, ever-precarious thinness kept me from that seemingly-carefree lifestyle. Alcohol has too many calories; my insane morning gym sessions mean I’m much too tired for nightlife ― and besides, I’m an introvert with an addictive personality. So I’ll sit at home most evenings, reading a book or filling in crosswords, feeling my beauty like a dwindling resource, a lamp whose slowly-fading light I’m wasting.   Perhaps the most surprising part of significant weight loss: I’ve done all the work, put in all the effort, and still, I struggle ― I still, despite my efforts to the contrary, spend more time hating my body than loving it.  I’ll poke and prod my face in the mirror, pinching the flesh off my chin, checking to see if my beauty is still intact ― if it ever was in the first place. I’ve spent all of the past five years convinced and terrified that I’m just on the cusp of regaining it all; I’ll scroll through my backlog of anxious mirror selfies and see, no, I’ve been pretty much the same size the whole time. I still think everyone thinks I’m fat when they first meet me.   A loss of 80 pounds means things aren’t exactly where they’re supposed be. Though I fit in a once-insane-sounding Size 4, I look nothing like the Victoria’s Secret models whose photos I used to clip for “thinspiration.” The fat I have left pools in sags of excess skin: thighs that will rub no matter how many lunges I do, a swath of baggy belly.   In some ways, it’s a simple case of moving goalposts. When I first lost the weight, carving a new self out of a much larger person, these imperfections were rendered inconsequential by comparison. Today, they’re devastating, insurmountable ― so much so that I may even hate my body more now than I did when I was obese. I’m certainly more afraid of taking my clothes off. At least at 215, my suitors then knew what they were in for.   (I know, too, that I’m overthinking it, that I’m more dysmorphic than deformed. What I really want: to see my body as something more than the externalization of my triumph or my failure.)  When I was in college, I had a crush on a boy who didn’t even know my name, despite the fact that we shared multiple classes. After the first 40 pounds came off, he was suddenly chasing me ― and years later, he still sends me Christmas presents and flirtatious texts. One of these, sent after a visit in which I’d rejected his physical advances, stuck with me.   “You’re a beautiful and brilliant woman,” he wrote, “and I feel so grateful to be as close to you as I am.”   OK, I wanted to respond. But “brilliant” didn’t matter until the “beautiful” part.  And that’s what no one says (but everyone knows) about weight loss: it does matter. It matters so much. That’s why my mother struggled with me in that fitting room, trying to physically press me into something more suitable; why the boys who once ignored me now go out of their way to smile, to whistle, to tell me their names.   Appearance does matter. To tell ourselves otherwise is a sham. The best we can do is to try to change it, to choose body positivity, to look in the mirror and actively decide to love ourselves ― and others ― exactly as we are.
CELEBRATING A GRADUATION Sometimes it's nice to really celebrate life's important moments. Year after year, we find ourselves just quietly observing the milestones; birthdays (maybe we just don't want to admit we are slowly getting older though), major exams passed, work promotions, personal goals achieved, starting new jobs...it goes on. Don't you ever wish you had some nice memories of them to look back on? So as much as KT insisted it was "not a big deal" since she has been out of uni for some time, it was only proper that we celebrated her official graduation properly! ^^ Getting ready in the auditorium bathroom  ^^ The flowers were so pretty I had to steal them for a photo ^^ Ash arrives after a day at hospital ^^ Possibly my favourite photo, ever?! This day was a happy one. In fact, I think these may have to be some of my favourite photos taken yet. I had forgotten to bring my lens hood but I think I like the lens flare! The beautiful flowers, people, lighting and joyous occasion definitely helped though. It made playing around with some new colour curves so fun. OK no more boring photography speak... After watching the ceremony, taking a few hundred (!) photos, many failed and successful hat tosses and the arrival of some more friends we called it a day and went to have brunch. KT then rushed home for her eyelash extension appointment, presumably so they'd be all fresh for her US trip that she was jetting off to the next day. In her words: Oh, life! Congratulations, girl- can't wait to celebrate the next milestone!
In my opinion circuit training is one of the best forms of exercise. To my mind, if you want to get fit then do circuits as they are ideal for both strength and endurance training. The best thing about them is that they can be done anywhere, inside or out and even better, you do not require any equipment. You can simply use your own body weight. I have recently introduced circuits to one of my clients. Originally she wasn't very keen and somewhat intimidated, as are many people, but she is now a complete convert and really enjoys them. Her fitness levels have rocketed so we have intensified the training session to reflect this. Consequently, her running speeds have greatly improved too.  A basic circuit can consist of a 10 minute warm up, followed by some stretches. Then comes the fun part, the actual circuit. The easiest way is to set yourself 8-10 stations and do 10 repetitions at each station for the first circuit, have a two minute rest and then do eight reps, a two minute rest and finally 6 reps. The sort of stations to do are sit ups, press ups, burpees, sprints, high knee lifts, squat thrusts, star jumps, the plank, squat jumps to name but a few. My client's current favourite is standup liedowns. Yes, you simply stand up and then lie down and repeat . Its amazing how tiring it is. As you gain in fitness then the station can be more intensive. For instance change a star jump station to burpees. Also change the repititions to time. So for instance, spend 30 secs or a minute at each station rather than doing a number of reps can really increase the intensity. Another idea is to either run to the next station, if training outside or run around the hall between each station.  A circuit can be set up to overload certain muscle groups, so a number of stations all working the same muscles can be put together, then the next set of stations can work another muscle group and so on. A class can work in pairs, so whilst one person is doing a cardio exercise the other person could be doing a strengh exercise. The station time can be dependant on how fast the person is doing the cardio. This really focusses the mind of individuals as the length of time is depdendant on effort. I hope you are beginning to get the idea of the variety of circuits and the sort of fun and camaraderie circuits creates. Summer is ideal to start circuit training as they can be done outside in relative comfort. However, don't think that they cannot be done outside in the winter. Its just a bit more muddy!! Kate
My American Adventure I'm actually finding it hard to believe that I'm writing this post.  There is no way that I would even have begun to imagine travelling to America at the beginning of this year, let alone on my own. Back in May I met up with the lovely Brook from Redhead Reverie.  She was visiting London on holiday and had contacted me about meeting up, which I was thrilled to do after communicating with her online since 2011.  It was great to chat to her over coffee and we got on so well, it was as though I'd last caught up with her the previous week.  We talked about travelling and I had mentioned how I'd love to see more of America.  I remember how I felt getting home that evening, the buzz and excitement of meeting up with her.  Little did I know we'd me meeting again later in the year, this time in her home town. Having booked my flights in August, by the time October rolled around I was ready.  Although feeling nervous, I was so excited for the 8 nights that lay ahead I couldn't wait to see Brook again and finally meet her family, whom I had heard so much about.  The trip was certainly very different to any other visit I have made to the US before.  Fitting myself into everyday, American family life was a great insight, plus it meant plenty of quality time with Brook.  Enjoying breakfasts out with bottomless cups of coffee and my body weight in pancakes was something I could easily get used to.  During my stay I got to experience my first American Football game, it was a no brainer knowing that they are a football mad family, but that was OK with me.  It was insane and I enjoyed it so much more than I thought I would.  The atmosphere was amazing.  It would have been better had the temperature been a little warmer but even still I had the best time. It is an experience I won't forget and I am so glad I was able to experience it.  I had also timed my visit in time with Halloween.  A celebration that the Americans do very well.  Trick or treating was never really a thing when I was a kid so this also meant that I was able to experience it for the first time too.  It was so good seeing how much effort everyone went to, and of course I had to dress up and get involved, you can't let the kids have all the fun can you!  I was even able to visit the boy's school and help out with their Halloween party.  I spent a little while reading to some of the children, which was an experience in itself as it is not something I would ever of had the opportunity to have done before. The trip didn't end here, but I am going to save the rest for another day.  For now I just want to finish by saying how thankful I am for this trip.  It's an opportunity I have gained through blogging that I would not have been so fortunate to experience if I had not come across Brook's blog all those years ago. ~ Gem x
Lets Talk Diets, Weight loss and Exercise! Well after all that's what I know best! The list is endless for diets, weight loss and exercise and I'll bet you've 'seen' most of them, if not 'tried' most of them. Well, I have solutions to just about all of them, but the secret is to find out for yourself. I can certainly point you in the right direction but at the end of the day the choice (and we all know there are gazillions of them!) is up to you. I have available for you all the help and dietary aids necessary to help you in your quest for a healthier lifestyle, from the latest diet appetite suppressant pills Hoodia Gordonii, Acai Berry, etc and weight loss supplements Alli, Hydroxycut to the very successful if rather distasteful subject of Colonic Cleansing, along with Hypnosis, Bistro MD (that's meals delivered right to your door, how easy is that?), Exercise Equipment, even the unbelievably good fun "Nintendo Wii Fit". Need a book to keep you on track then are a few of them there too, as well as dvds, videos, cd's. Amazingly, I have even managed to squeeze onto my website, great skin care products, as we all know our skin can look dull and lifeless when we are overweight. It is up to you to find the right 'style' of weight loss regime, after all it is your 'temple' that you need to keep in tip-top condition! Please visit my website http://www.diets4weightloss.com/ and carry out your own research, I'm sure you will find all the answers there! Happy Hunting and Good Luck! Joanne Swanston
Bright and Back I read somewhere recently that Pinterest helps uncover what themes you are unconsciously attracted to. There is a definite theme that has come to light from my recent pinning, and I hope to get it happening in our kitchen reno’s due to start in a few months. Provide Home cushions via Design Milk via Pinterest Rue Magazine via Pinterest Amber Interior Design (in progress shot) via Pinterest via Pinterest Funny how if I was asked, I would probably say I am not a big “pink” person – my Pinterest collection dares to disagree! On another note – apologies for the long absence. I have been crazy busy completing a teaching practicum. Finally, the end is here and I have a brief opportunity to catch my breath and start sharing some of our renovation plans again. Hope you will continue on for the ride. xx Romana
Pretty Baby by Mary Kubica Title: Pretty Baby Author: Mary Kubica ISBN: 9781743690352 Publisher: Harlequin MIRA Publish Date: August 2015 Synopsis: A chance encounter sparks an unrelenting web of lies in this stunning new psychological thriller from national bestselling author Mary Kubica  She sees the teenage girl on the train platform, standing in the pouring rain, clutching an infant in her arms. She boards a train and is whisked away. But she can't get the girl out of her head…  Heidi Wood has always been a charitable woman: she works for a nonprofit, takes in stray cats. Still, her husband and daughter are horrified when Heidi returns home one day with a young woman named Willow and her four-month-old baby in tow. Disheveled and apparently homeless, this girl could be a criminal—or worse. But despite her family's objections, Heidi invites Willow and the baby to take refuge in their home.  Heidi spends the next few days helping Willow get back on her feet, but as clues into Willow's past begin to surface, Heidi is forced to decide how far she's willing to go to help a stranger. What starts as an act of kindness quickly spirals into a story far more twisted than anyone could have anticipated. My Thoughts: I really enjoyed Mary Kubica's first novel 'The Good Girl' so when I saw 'Pretty Baby' I knew I had to read it and I wasn't disappointed.  Pretty Baby grabbed me from the first page and wouldn't let go. From it's tightly woven plot with enough twists to keep you guessing to the well developed and complex characters, Pretty Baby is everything I hoped it would be and more. Packed full of emotion and mystery it deals with sensitive issues and how sometimes even the most well intended deeds do not always end up going according to plan. Written from multiple points of view gave a fascinating insight into the complexity of the characters and their interactions, slowly feeding the suspense and mystery of the compelling story line. I highly recommend this suspenseful page turner and look forward to reading Kubica's future works.
Life with One Eye At the beginning of 2017 I wrote a post sharing, ‘The Day I Lost My Sight’. I thank those for their questions and words of support, but there was one question asked by many readers:  “What’s it like living with vision in one eye?” This is a common question I get asked, as it’s a problem that many may never have to experience. In the beginning simple daily activities; reaching for a glass of water or shaking someone’s hand were a huge problem. This was due to the depth of field issue. My brain had to re wire itself in how it saw the world and how far away objects were.  Time went by when driving at night become an issue. I hear from older adults that they give up driving due to feeling unsafe on the road or those car headlights are too bright. I was 20 years old and had to give this up, something I’d worked hard to gain that gave me independence, but had to give up due to something I had no control over, Juvenile Arthritis. Another impact was that the world I see is darker than others as there’s only light entering one eye, rather than two. This means when in rooms with dimmed lighting it’s disorientating and I can become light headed and everything that’s part of that feeling. By far the biggest impact has been the risk of the condition that caused this in the first place, Uveitis affecting my left eye. If and when this happens, no one knows and what effect it will have on my life we will see at the time. But I never let any of this hold me back from achieving my life mission: “To change the way the world views Arthritis.”
19th November, 2006 STATE NEWS New South Wales- From the New South Wales site here, “The NSW Rowing Association is in the process of packing up the office and moving to a new home at Sydney Olympic Park. Your patience is appreciated for the next few days during the move. We expect to be operational again on Tuesday 21st November 2006. Our new phone number is 8116 9777” South Australia- Adelaide High School Regatta Results AUSTRALIAN NEWS Media- Tomkins and Ginn reunite (Melbourne Herald Sun)
Recipe post- Healthier Spring Rolls Sorry I've been MIA guys. Usual story- cupcakes, day job, business admin etc etc Hope everyone is ok. The weather is getting depressing now! I just want some sunshine. At least we are going into March when it should perk up a bit and keeping my fingers crossed we may even get a BBQ day in April like we did last year! Here's hoping. I'm in the middle of setting up another blog. Mainly because I want a blog for my crafts, cupcakes eating, recipes, general life chit chat in one place. I'll keep you posted on what the new bloggy is. At the moment i'm doing patchworks for the house- doing a cushion, a table cloth and I want to do a nice new patchwork quilt for our bed. I've got some great inspiration from my new favourite blog Cherry Menlove Whipped up a batch of my Lemon and Poppy seed muffins tonight. I'm taking them to work (good thing about being a good baker= more friends). However I think I'm going to have one as a treat with a nice cuppa before bedtime. Anyway here is a little Spring roll recipe for you. N.B frylite is a low cal spray oil. Healthier Spring rolls- Serves 4 For filling use frylite to fry strips of 100g carrot, 100g cabbage, 1 small red pepper, 100g beansprouts with 100g fresh peeled prawns, 2 tbsp dark soy sauce and 1/4 tsp chinese 5 spice powder. Stir fry for 2 mins then remove from heat and allow to cool slightly. Cut sheets of filo pastry to size, spray with cooking spray and spoon some filling onto one end. Roll up pastry tucking edges in as you go to form sausage shape. Place spring rolls on baking sheet (line with non stick baking parchment) and cook in oven preheated to Gas mark 5/190 for 10 minutes. I spray mine with frylite before cooking so they crisp up a bit. Jess xx
Celebration Carrot Cake I believe that the ג€˜oh so loved by manyג€™ carrot cake that has been around for years is one of life's little pleasures.  Incorporating one of your five a day (or even two if you count the dried apricots in the decoration!) my carrot cake has become so popular that even my friend's 5 year old when ask what cake he wanted for his 5th Birthday chose my carrot cake! Thank you Noah Iג€™m honoured. My carrot cake (actually my Mums carrot cake) has become my signature cake.  So much so that when I get an invite to a dinner party the carrot cake gets the invite first! Not to boast too much (oh go on then I will!) Even the Head chef of Malmaison puts his regular order in! I have in the past shared this recipe with close friends who have had equal success. However, I now find myself playing my cards very close to my chest when it comes to sharing the recipe (sorry bloggers) it would seem I owe it to the cake (and my Mum) to keep it a closely guarded family secret. But donג€™t despair I am always on hand to make it for any celebration or even just for that dinner party where this classic favourite is sure to impress.
HOW TO START RUNNING  how to start runningHi guys! I’m Becca and I blog over at Diary of a Slow Runner . My blog is  about my adventures in running. Jennifer asked me to guest post for her and talk a little bit about to get started with running.  beccarunI started running in May 2009 and completed my first 5k the following June. Since then I have done a handful of 5ks, 10ks, 8 half marathons, and my first marathon as part of the Goofy Challenge in Disney. I never would have thought I would be capable of running the way I do now, so I am proof that if you put your mind to it, you CAN do it! Believe me, if I can, anyone can!  If you want to start running here are a few tips.  Have a plan As a beginner runner, I feel like this is so important. You don’t want to start off too quickly with building mileage. This can result in hating running before you even have an opportunity to make it a life-long habit. I highly recommend the Couch to 5k Program. This program will work you up to running 3 miles or 30 minutes in 9 weeks. I believe there is also an app available for most smartphones to help you follow the plan. Once you “graduate” from there, try Gateway to 8k and Bridge to 10k. I did all of these, and still follow plans when training for races.  Take it slow It is easy to get caught up in your pace and feel like you have to beat your previous time. Don’t put this kind of pressure on yourself! For a while just focus on the minutes and seconds that you are on your feet – not the miles.  Shoes, watch, go! You only need a watch or app and a pair of shoes. There are millions of products out there for runners… GPS watches, sweat wicking clothing, Gus, compression gear, etc. It can be easy to get overwhelmed by all of it. When you’re starting out, all you really need is a good pair of running shoes and a way to track your time. Make sure to get your shoes fitted by a professional at your local running store. As for a way to track your time, any cheap stop watch will do. You can use online tools like Map My Run to map out a route ahead of time so that you know how far you are going. There are also bazillions of apps for smartphones now that will track your mileage and time. I personally like the Map My Run app.  Set a goal I don’t know about you, but I am a goal oriented person. Setting goals for myself in running, and more specifically training for races, helps me stay motivated. Set some type of goal for your self – running a race, running a certain distance, for a certain amount of time without walk breaks, up a huge hill, etc. It may seem scary to sign up for your first 5k but I promise it won’t be as bad as you think. And you may end up addicted to the thrill of running races, you never know.  Join a running community (online or in person) When I was first trying to figure out what all of this running business was about I joined the beginner’s forums on Runners World. For a while I just read the posts and once I got more comfortable I started posting. Being able to read about other people who were in the same boat as me and get advice from more seasoned runners was invaluable. The running community is extremely welcoming so I encourage you to join it whether it is through a local running club or an online community.  Don’t be intimidated! Every runner had their first run. Every runner has had their struggles. You are not alone. It’s all about having a good time.  Have fun!  Running is really so much fun. Enjoy yourself. The feeling of satisfaction you can get from running is really fantastic.  I hope that encourages you to take a step into running if you thinking about it! It’s really easy to get started and a really great way to exercise and de-stress!!  Thanks for reading, and thanks again Jennifer for letting me guest post! I hope you’ll stop by my blog, Diary of a Slow Runner and say hi!
Mountain View RV Park in Wheatland, Wyoming      Last spring my family and I spent three months at an out of the way RV Park called Mountain View RV Park in the little town of Wheatland, Wyoming, which is bisected by I-25.  We had the opportunity to go back this spring for another month, as my husband was once again working at the power plant just outside of town.        When I first arrived at the RV Park I was not very enthusiastic.  It appeared to be an okay park in a boring little town. But after spending time there, I grew to wholeheartedly love both the RV Park and the town.  It׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s a hidden gem that most would drive right by and never stop to see!       Mountain View RV Park is situated inside of a residential neighborhood.  At first this can be a bit off-putting, as it does not have the traditional RV park appearance.  However, it is actually very convenient as each site is quite large and has sidewalk access right in front.  The sites in the upper row have large concrete patios along with enough parking in front for two to three cars.  On the lower row there are no concrete pads, but there is still enough parking for a couple of vehicles in addition to your RV.       My favorite part is the city walking trail that meanders along behind the upper row.  Directly behind your RV site is a trail that you can hop on and connect to other parts of the city.  My kids loved to ride their bikes along it, and many evenings we would walk down it to the Little League fields and watch a game.  Along the trail is farmland with an absolutely gorgeous view of the mountains and sunset.  It was restorative to simply stand on the trail and take in the beautiful surroundings!        There is a brand new building that houses the laundry room as well as the showers.  There are plenty of washers and dryers.  Some are new front loading machines and there are also older top loading machines for people that prefer that style.  The showers are coin-op and are absolutely spotless. Each shower is in a private, nice sized room that locks with a toilet, sink, mirror, and shower.  The laundry areas as well as the showers are cleaned daily, and it definitely shows.  In the laundry room is a TV, a book exchange area, and some chairs.  It is climate controlled and quite comfortable while waiting on laundry.   It is the nicest laundry facility I have come across in an RV park.       There is no playground on site, which is a bit of a negative for those of us with children.  However, just a short walk through the neighborhood is a very nice playground located at a school.  My kids did not miss having a playground though, as they spent all their time playing on the walking trail and the little hill that led up to the walking trail.  They had hours of fun digging holes, pushing toy trucks down the hill, and running or riding their bikes along the trail.         Mountain View RV Park is a nice central point for several fun activities.  There are a multitude of lakes within a thirty minute drive of the RV Park.  The largest and most popular is Grayrocks Reservoir.   You can fish, kayak, ski, hike or just enjoy the view and swim.  The choice is yours!  We spent a couple very relaxing days at the lake with friends, letting the kids splash in the water and build sand castles.  After playing, we would spend the evening roasting hot dogs and marshmallows over a fire.  Such fun!       Guernsey, Wyoming is only about 30 minutes to the north-east.  It is a quaint little town that is situated right along the Oregon Trail.  The Oregon Trail Ruts National Historic Landmark as well as the Register Cliff State Historic Site are located near Guernsey.  We took a short walk from the car and were able to see actual ruts from the wagons that travelled down the Oregon Trail.  We also ventured off the main roads, and found markers for the Oregon Trail way off down dirt roads.  It was fascinating!        Golfing, a bowling alley, several delicious restaurants, a small movie theater, unique little shops, and a beautiful city park round out the amenities in Wheatland.  These are all within a short drive from the RV Park.  I highly recommend trying Western Sky׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s Family Diner for breakfast.  They have delicious, thick bacon that my husband raves about.  In fact, one of his co-workers bought an entire forty pound box to take home.  It is really that good.  Just down the street is Big A׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s.  It is a bar on one side and a family restaurant on the other.   Try the steak or chicken fried steak. You will not regret it!  If you happen to wander around downtown, there are several appealing looking restaurants located there, but I have not tried them (yet!).         Mountain View RV park is locally owned by a very nice family who is on site nearly every day.  The camp host lives on site, and she is delightful!  If you have any questions or concerns, do not hesitate to stop by the camp host site, which is clearly marked, and talk to Donna.  The RV Park is open year round with full hookups.  The daily rate is $35/night.  You can stay weekly for $200.  The monthly rate is $425 in the summer and $550 in the winter.  All rates include full hookups, water, electric, trash, wi-fi, and cable TV.  For more information and directions, you can visit the website at http://www.wheatlandrvpark.com/  
Easy prawn fried rice Rice was never something I was particularly excited about and there was one reason behind it: I had no idea how to cook it! A quick browse through Google reveals thousands upon thousands of methods of cooking it, yet I was always intimidated. Maybe, just maybe one rice cooking attempt which had me rinse the Gloopy Sticky Yucky Blob, Formerly Known as Rice in cold water to make it edible had something to do with that. After that shameful incident I just gave up (yes, I'm super patient) and decided that I shall never ever touch the stuff again. I'm not even sure what made me decide to give cooking rice another go, but let me just say I'm ecstatic (yes!) that I tried. The recipe is from Delia's website: it is simple and works every.single.time. Incredibly proud of my newly acquired skill I decided to make a quick fried rice. The beautiful thing about this recipe is that it's incredibly versitile: I used mushrooms, bacon and prawns, but you can easily use chicken, peas, edameme, carrots, shredded cabbage; the possibilities are endless. I made a variation of this dish for my parents and friends when I was in Poland last week (this trip is my lame excuse for the temporary blogging hiatus) and they loved it. Funnily enough one of my friends confessed he doesn't even like rice only to come back for seconds (and scrape the pan, heheh). To make 4 normal (or 3 very generous) portions you'll need: 5 rashers of streaky bacon, chopped into small pieces 1 pack (about 250g) mushrooms (I used chestnut mushrooms for their earthy flavour, but white mushrooms are equally good) 1 pack (about 230 g) prawns, frozen or fresh (I used frozen) 1 bunch of spring onions 1-2 garlic cloves 2-3 eggs, whisked pinch of chilli flakes soy sauce sesame oil (optional) basmati rice salt, pepper oil, for frying Start off by boiling water in the kettle. Now measure your rice: no weighing necessary! Just grab a small tea cup or a measuring jug (I use 1 American cup for 2 people and have leftovers for lunch! The American cup is about 240ml). You don't need to wash or rinse the rice. Put a big pot on the medium heat, add a glug of oil, then add the rice. Stir the rice so that every grain is covered with oil. Gently heat, then add hot water. The only thing to remember is 2 measures of water to 1 measure of rice. Easy peasy. Once you've added hot water stir the rice to make sure no grains are stuck on the sides of the pot. Add a bit of salt or stock granules. Now cover the pot with the lid, turn the heat to medium-low and set your timer to 15 minutes. That's it. Don't sneak a peak, don't stir, just get on with the sauce.  Chop spring onions, bacon and mushrooms and mince garlic cloves.  Fry bacon, garlic and spring onions in a little bit of oil until bacon is crispy. Add mushrooms, chilli flakes, salt and pepper and keep frying. Finally add the prawns. If you're using frozen, there'll be a bit of liquid in the pan; keep frying everything until the water evaporates. Add a bit of soy sauce at the end. While your sauce is frying, grab a small frying pan, add a bit of oil and pour in the eggs. Fry them, stirring with a spatula, until you have dry scrambled eggs. Take off the heat and mix in with the rest of the sauce. When your timer beeps (you're cooking rice, remember? ;) take the pot off the heat, take the lid of and cover the pot with a clean cloth. Leave for 10 minutes. The cloth will absorb all the extra moisture making the rice fluffy. Once the rice is ready mix it with the sauce, add a bit of sesame oil or more soy sauce and munch away.
Tired, Bloated and Gaining Weight? Fatigue and tiredness are considered a normal part of motherhood. However, if you are feeling tired, bloated and maintaining a healthy body weight seems a thing of the past; it’s time to get to the cause. Fatigue can be caused from simple nutritional deficiencies such as low iron or vitamin B12, or by more complex causes such as depression. Three major influences to energy levels that are often overlooked in routine testing are hormonal, digestive and metabolic disturbances. Hormonal Disturbances Healthy hormones are the key to feeling fantastic and maintaining a healthy body weight as they directly influence energy metabolism.  However, identifying an underlying imbalance can often prove challenging. This can be due to the fluctuating nature of many reproductive hormones such as estrogen and progesterone and also “hormone resistance” within the cells. This means your body may be producing the right levels, however your uptake is below par, leaving you ‘hormonally depleted’.  This is often the case with thyroid hormones that are influenced by autoimmune disorders triggered by pregnancy, surgery, medications or giving up smoking. Digestive Disturbances Digestive disturbances such as irritable bowel syndrome, candida over growths, digestive dysbiosis (toxicity) or infections such as the Helicobacter pylori bacteria can place further strain on your energy levels, primarily due to their influence on the adrenals. In addition, the adrenal and thyroid glands work together, meaning decreased adrenal function can interfere with thyroid function, leaving you experiencing symptoms such as weight gain, bloating, fatigue and mood changes. Metabolic Disturbances Hormone resistance is a broad term often associated with thyroid disorders; the major regulator of fat metabolism and energy production.  Although it is a complicated process, the interaction of the four main hormones produced by your thyroid gland, (thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), triiodothyronine (T3), thyroxine/levo-thyroxin (T4), and calcitonin) directly influence body fat storage and conversion especially around the tummy. Although your thyroid gland secretes and regulates these hormones, about 80% of the body's T3 is produced outside the thyroid gland, in the liver, by chemical modification of T4. Hypothyroid women gain weight and find it difficult to lose weight because (i) their T4 is not being converted by the liver to the metabolically active form of T3 or (ii) the converted T3 hormones is not getting to the cellular level of the body - meaning that they are producing it, but their body can't use it. So you are sentenced to a life of weight gain, chronic fatigue and feeling plain unwell. If you are doing everything right but are still felling unwell and suffering from fatigue and weight gain, there is definitely something that needs to be addressed. Getting to the cause is not as easy as just doing routine blood tests. An interconnected approach to the review of your signs and symptoms encourages a multidimensional treatment strategy that will make a difference. So explore your options and strive for a better, healthy life! Narelle Stegehuis, is a practicing medical herbalist and naturopath specializing in restorative endocrinology for women, with over 14 year’s clinical experience.  She is an accomplished writer, editor and technical training advisor for the natural health industry. A recipient of the Australian Naturopathic Excellence Award, Narelle adopts an integrated approach of both medical science and traditional complementary health care principles. www.massattack.com.au
To the Woman These words I am about to read are dedicated to all women who are working to create a better world.  The Persian Poet Rumi once said that life is like being sent by a King to another country in order to carry out a particular task. The person sent may do a hundred other things in that country, but if he or she fails to fulfil the particular task he or she was charged with, it is as if nothing had been done.  To the woman who understood her task.  To the woman who looked at the road ahead of her, and knew that hers would be a difficult journey.  To the woman who did not attempt to make light of those difficulties, but, on the contrary, spoke out against them and made them clearly visible.  To the woman who made the lonely feel less alone, who fed those who hungered and thirsted for justice, who made the oppressor feel as bad as those he oppressed.  To the woman who always keeps her door open, her hands working, her feet moving.  The woman who personifies the verses of that other Persian Poet, Hafez, when he says:  Not even seven thousand years of joy can justify seven days of repression.  To the woman who is here tonight, may she be each and everyone of us, may he example spread, may she still have many difficult days ahead, so that she can complete her work, so that, for the generations to come, the meaning of 'injustice; will be found only in dictionary definitions and never in the lives of human beings.  And may she travel slowly, because her pace is the pace of change, and change, real change, always takes a very long time.  Written by Paul Cohelo
Women's weight training I cannot recommend this website enough. All the information about nutrition, exercise and health you will ever need.  The information is straight to the point, informative and funny as well.  stumptuous.com: women's weight training
Hi Again Hi All, I haven't fallen off the face of the earth, just blogland. I have joined up with a 12" block swap and am loving it.  Not only do you get to create new patterns, but you get surprises in the mail. I also joined a pass the parcel quilt group which is so much fun too. We are back from a flying trip around the west of NSW, including a visit to Dubbo Zoo, which was great. Hope to most more frequently than in the last months. I have joined Weight Watchers and am determinded to lose 15kg by Christmas.  My flying suit is getting a  little snug. All for now Cheers  Elaine
So Delicious Coconut Milk: Chocolate Mint You probably thought I stopped reviewing things, didn't you?  No, I haven't!  On the contrary, I've found so many things to try that I actually got overwhelmed and kind of got vapor locked over what to review next.  That's pretty sad when you think about it.  At any rate, I decided that I'd just stop thinking and start writing, so here I am!  I can feel your excitement from here!  WOOOOOOO!  *Ahem*  So today we are going to talk about something I thought I'd never, ever drink: a dairy-free milk alternative.  It isn't that I'm against milk alternatives or anything.  I know some people can't drink regular milk, and some people won't drink it, but the idea of drinking something milk-like that isn't actually milk kind of gives me the heebies.  It's totally an irrational mental-block, I know, because I've used soy milk, almond milk, and coconut milk as ingredients in recipes before without any problem, but actually drinking the stuff straight...blargh.  I honestly have no idea why the idea of drinking processed vegetable and nut milks bother me, but I'll drink the hell out of something excreted out of cow teats.   Humans are weird.  Anyway, back to the product!  On a recent trip to Earth Fare, I was walking by the dairy case when the festive, holiday themed, green carton caught my eye!  Normally I see these products and have zero interest in trying them, but this time the word "Chocolate" was involved, and as cliche as it is...I have a weakness.  I've seen chocolate flavored coconut milk before and never bought any, but this had the added attraction of mint, PLUS it had the two words that almost guarantee that I'd buy it, "Limited Edition."  Yes, the masterminds of psychological marketing got to me.  I saw that it was limited edition and my inner voice said that if I didn't try it now, I'd never get the chance, and I'd be lying on my death bed one day wondering what it tasted like.   So I brought it home and put it in the fridge, only to pass up actually drinking any of it for a while.  That happens sometimes with things I've never tasted before.  I really want to try it, but I have to talk myself into it first.  The serving size is 1/2 a cup, and I finally figured that if I couldn't try at least that much, then I was a coward and had no business ever buying products I'd never tasted before.  Coconut milk shouldn't be the cause of such great internal struggles.  It looked like regular chocolate milk, albeit not as thick.  It had an odd smell to it.  It wasn't unpleasant or anything, but it was a mixture of mint and fake chocolate, so it kind of smelled chalky in a way.  Like when you smell chocolate milk powder is the best way to describe it.  It wasn't a rich, deep smell of chocolate, but it was absolutely there.  Mostly the mint was the most prevalent thing.   The drink itself is actually kind of nice.  It was sweet and cold, and the mint and chocolate mixed well together. Although I thought it would taste like coconut, too, there was only a hint of it right at the beginning.  I wonder how they do that.  You'd think something made from coconut would taste of coconut, but it didn't.  Weirdness.  It wasn't as thick and rich as real chocolate milk, and it was definitely missing something, although I can't really put my finger on what that could be.  Maybe it was a textural thing, or a viscosity thing.  Ready made chocolate milk is usually very thick, so I may have been subconsciously looking for that.  It would actually be really good poured into coffee or frozen and blended into a slushy, though.  I actually enjoyed the drink itself and have had it several times since opening the carton.  If I have any complaints, it would be that it was a bit watery in both taste and body.  It wasn't a terrible thing, but it was noticeable. Also, it would be nice if the chocolate taste was a bit stronger, but mint is such a strong taste anyway, I'm sure it's just overshadowing things.  Show off!  Also...the ingredient list says it contains "monk fruit."  This seems to be yet another kind of non caloric sweetener.  I've never heard of it before and I can't taste it, but if I start chanting and shave my head in a tonsure, I'll let you know.  My conclusion?  I liked it and while I may not buy it again, I'm certainly not as heebed out by the idea of drinking coconut milk as I once was.  I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who can't or won't drink regular milk.  It's a nice treat, but I have to say that I still prefer moo juice to the fake stuff.  WEBSITE- www.sodeliciousdairyfree.com SERVING SIZE: 1/2 Cup CALORIES:50 CARBS:  7 TASTE: Nice, a little chalky, maybe a bit watery, but still pretty good.
You can leave your hat on... Ive been meaning to post this for about 4 days now but for some reasonn my blogger has been playing up and every time I attempt to write a post It lets me do a title but nothing else? But it seems to be working so far so if you're reading this, its worked! So on to the point of the post...I bought a hat! Exciting stuff yes?!  I noticed Topshop were offering free delivery on all orders a few weeks back and after looking for a bowler type hat for a while, not liking one I had bought from Asos some weeks back, I took the plunge and ordered Topshop's Pork Pie hat.   I think I would have prefered it to be slightly smaller but as they only offer a one size option you have to pretty much like it or lump it! Im really glad I picked the grey option instead of the generic black - I reckon the grey will be a nice change and will go with a quite a few colours, especially coming into a/w.   It sells for ֲ£25 if anyone was wondering, although as I get student discount and this was free delivery purrchase it came to ֲ£22.50 which Ive come to notice seems the going rate for these type of hats nowadays! So, as long as it gets its use, the fact that its good quality and is also made right here in Blighty, I think the price is justifiable. Hope you're all enjoying the sun! Im off to make the most of it by reading a good book in the garden and getting ready for some car-booting this weekend! Have a lovely weekend!  Lucy x
'The new years spirit' Happy 2018, love Coco Girl HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! Well, almost!  As I type this I have 24 hours and 27 minutes left of 2017.  (It's just after 11:30pm on Saturday 30th December here in Brisbane, Australia). I just wanted to jump on here and wish everyone a happy new year in 2018. I mentioned in my previous post that Christmas has always been my favourite day / time of the year.  But I realised today that for now, at least, it's actually the New Year that I love the most. I never thought I'd say that, as I have had some of the worst New Years Eve's ever - they're way too awful, personal and inappropriate to even start to share here.  But it's not the "New Years Eve celebration" that I adore (or detest)...it's the fact that so many people - so many, see so much hope ahead of them.   Social media becomes flooded with images of sparkling numbers and quotes about hope and turning dreams into fruition, fresh starts, resolutions and new habits; and feel-good hashtags come out in full force, such as #hope #dream #goals #believe #newyearnewme and so on. I know that for every pretty new year Instagram image there's a person who (fairly) turns their nose up at people who make resolutions and jokes about how gyms are full only for the first week of the new year.  I know that even the best intended resolutions often fall by the wayside, and that new habits can be forgotten before you can say "January." But I personally find it so inspiring and I proudly put my hand up and say that I get caught up in the hype.  Other than the rallying of community and the outpouring of human kindness and generosity that follows tragic world events, when else do we see such an influx of people with a sparkle of hope in their eyes?   That's what I love the most.  No matter what kind of year people have had, so many have the strength and hope to look forward to a better year - a better world - a better them.  Who cares if the success rate of new years resolutions is as low as the amount of people's New Years Eve plans expectations being met? I love living in a world where individuals can dream of better things ahead.  As a human race, we need it.    Each year is going to have it's ups and downs, and let's be real: the fact that it's January 1st and not December 31st, will not have any bearing on how far we're going to excel in our specific quests for greatness.  It is, in fact, just another day. But where there's a sparkle in someone's eye, a glimmer of hope; there's possibility.  And that's how all dreams begin. And I for one, am not one to squash that. I have so many dreams for 2018 and have changed from previous years.  Gone are the days where I feel that midnight needs to be perfect, or I have to have my to do list in good working order, or my filing done before it's January (!) Instead, I've alleviated my shoulders from perfectionism, and it feels amazing.  I plan on  My January book focusing on my core values and checking myself on whether what I spend my time on is aligned with those values and what I want to achieve.   I've removed pressure in that I no longer have '2018 goals', '2019 goals' and so on.  I just have goals. To support me to achieve my gazillion dreams and goals, I plan to learn more, read more, move away from things that aren't serving me, and improve on my downfalls.   I don't have rules, but I have acceptance.  Acceptance that I'm human and that I can only do the best I can do. And I hope that however you see things, that at some point you can feel the 'new years spirit', too. Whether you're a mad fan of goal setting and have your planners, diaries, vision boards, stickers and highlighters ready to go tomorrow night, or you simply have a few quiet dreams simmering in your mind...  Whether you'll be spending the night in with a couple of friends and a cheese platter, or in a Focus for the new year.  Less time wasting.  club, restaurant or waterfront with a million revelers and a few too many vodkas... Whether you'll be sound asleep by 9pm; barefoot and holding your shoes waiting for a cab or Uber along with the rest of your city at 2am; or be woken up on the hour with a crying newborn... Whether you see in midnight under fireworks or under your bedroom ceiling... Whether you have a new years kiss or the comfort of a teddy bear... Whatever your situation, and no matter how you feel your 2017 has gone; my wish for you is that you can at some point take a look around and see the hope that is in the air.  It's a rare occurrence, but if you look closely, you'll see that it comes out at least once a year: that sparkle in people's eyes. And if you're not feeling it, as they say, if you can't beat 'em; join 'em.  Just give it a go. And as for goals and resolutions, you don't have to change the world or move mountains on the 1st of January; or any time in fact.  Just be kind - to yourself and those around you.  That really is enough. Wishing you each the happiest new year, and may your midnight wishes meet your hard work and make your dreams come true in 2018. #thenewyearsspirit Love, Coco Girl / Kate
From South to West to East. Hello and again. It's been a hectic few weeks. First off, I moved out of the Peckham Rye mansion. The owner of the house moved back to the UK after losing her job in New Zealand and becoming gradually more mentally ill. She has now returned and has her 70-something year old mother look after her. I couldn't cope with the thought of having to deal with a manic depressive person as a landlord and with the mortgages going through the roof I decided it was time to move on. And so I found this place in Bethnal Green, 2 minutes from the tube, but this turned out to be a dodgy affair and when push came to shove, the retard landlord cunt decided not to let the room out to me (I think I asked too many questions and after speaking to the flatmates without having him around I found out he's an unreliable bastard, and I think he knew I knew.) So no loss there, if anything I was better off. Anyway, this meant that I had no place to live, as I was supposed to move into that flat the day I moved out of Peckham Rye. Luckily, I was able to spend a couple of nights at my mate's place in Earls Court, and within a few days I found this other place in Bethnal Green, 5 minutes from the tube, 30 minutes from frontdoor to uni. At first sight I got a bit worried as the interior of the place reminded me to much of my very first flat in the Netherlands and the last thing I could use at the time was having to live with annoying disrespectful people. But after a chat with Tristan, the Australian guy who's subletting his room to me, I knew it was going to be alright. I occupy a small double room with a double bed, a desk, cupboard space and it comes with a small storage room where I could keep a small family if I wanted to. I now live with 3 Bulgarian dudes; Dicho, he arrived a month ago and is studying really hard to learn English. He didn't speak a word of English when he arrived. (He's the big bloke with one eyebrow in the blue Adidas shirt.) Basically what he does, is sit in the house, he watches subtitled films, studies, cooks and cleans. He's very polite and thoughtfull and is trying really hard to explain to me what life in Bulgaria is like but when the place get's too crowded and noisy he rushes off to his room. These guys make excellent Bulgarian food. It's impossible to be hungry in this house as Des, a funny loudmouth bike courier (the bloke in the green tshirt) also loves his food and food wise, the general policy of the house is 'If iz on zhe table, iz foh everyone'. Then there's Nas, the oldest in the house, he's a barman who's well into anything eardrum-rupturing; Metal, Gabber, Techno and some other weird shit that involves a lot of crying, hysterical laughter and screaming. (He's the guy in the black Rammstein shirt) I found him quite intimidating in the beginning but he turned out the be a total sweetheart. Then there's a Spanish couple; Jade (obviously the blond chick in the photo) who's an interior designer and her boyfriend. (I keep forgetting his name, he's the gnome resembling guy in the yellow shirt) The last person in the house is Dave, an hyperactive Australian guy (the guy in the white shirt) who's addicted to his Wii and has snorted a few too many lines imo. He's incredibly intelligent and he's happy to fix my PC when it needs fixing but he lives in his own little world and very often doesn't give a fuck (about anything I reckon.) They all seem to be getting on well though, and everyone here seems to have accepted Dave for who he is. The other 2 guys in the photos are Kyro, he's French, used to live here and is into anything that contains breaks and beats and I have no idea who the oriental/french fellow is but they're part of some crew that shows up every week with a lot of illegal substances and booze. They're an energetic bunch, they all smoke, drink, work and love their rowdy times (lots of laughter, screaming, piss-taking and general wastedness) but at the end of the day it's all about respect and sharing. I feel very much at home here but not necessarily part of the household, I think I'm more like a rent-paying guest. I'm here only temporarily (until the end of my first term) and am still looking for the perfect flat on the perfect location. But for now I am content and this place will do.        
Weight Watchers Fruit Tarts Propoints:       3 per tart Ingredients:    Low Cal Spray 1 Sheet of Ready Made & Rolled Puff Pastry Light 1 tsp of Vanilla Extract 1 tbsp Lemon Juice Fruit of your choice (I chose Apple, Banana and Strawberries) Weight Watchers Jam or Marmalade Prep Time:      10 Mins Cooking Time: 15-20 Mins Firstly spray a baking tray with the low cal spray (I used Fry Light). Then get your Puff Pastry out of the fridge (Photo 1). Open it up and cut circles out with a pastry cutter (Photo 2). Lay the circles out on the tray.   Prepare the fruit by slicing thinly.  Add the fruit into a bowl and measure out the Vanilla Extract and Lemon Juice.  Toss the fruit and then add to the circles of pastry (Photo 3). Put into the oven at 180c for 15 to 20mins. Once they are out, mix a tbsp of Weight Watchers Marmalade or Jam with a little water to make it a little runnier.  Then glaze the tarts. Voila...enjoy!!! The Finished Article Conclusion:  The Banana ones didn't look so nice, but tasted great.  A nice quick easy treat! Why not add some fat free Yoghurt on the side too! Score:  8/10
Oh my, no soy milk = end of world Why do the crazy ones have to come in to work the moment I clock in? This old lady was screaming and cussing because we ran out of soy milk for her drink. No one recognized her as a regular, but apparently it has happened the last 2 times she has came. We are never out of soy milk, so I'm like wth? But seeing her go on for about 14 minutes non-stop was enough for me to hide behind the machines. I'm totally not even exaggerating like I usually do. I don't know how manager dude just stood there politely for so long with her screaming. I think I would have ended up crying. Add a hat on this drawing and the woman seriously looks just like her.
From Day to Night! So yesterday I spent the day at the mall, got a haul to show soon. Then I went out in the night to downtown Tampa with my roommates - had a good night but got SO hot in the club, it was like a sauna! DAYTIME Face: MAC Studio Fix Foundation (NW15), applied with fingers NYX blush in Terracotta, applied with e.l.f Complexion Brush Max Factor 'Falsh Lash Effect' Mascara in Black e.l.f. eyebrow stencils MAC eyebrow pencil in Spiked MAC plushglass in Fulfilled NIGHT Face: same as before, but adding MAC Fluidline gel eyeliner in Blacktrack, using a random eyeliner brush from Sally Beauty Urban Decay (Book of Shadows 2) in Fishnet (a dark pink) and Ransom (mid purple) NYX lipstick in Tea Rose  even though there's only 4 extra products, they look totally different if you ask me :)
Achieving My Goals = An Improved Life  A small change can make a big improvement.  Not all changes need to be on a grand scale.  A lot of small changes can equal one big change.  A big change can make a HUGE improvement.  In order to make improvements I set goals.  I strongly believe in setting goals to accomplish the things that will enhance and improve my life and the lives of my children as well.  If I have the opportunity to do something to improve the life of someone else then to me that is a true bonus.  I firmly believe in a good quality of life and I strive for that in all aspects of how I live mine.  Setting goals gives me direction and something to work toward.  Without them I'm certain I wouldn't be able to accomplish the things that I do on a regular basis.  I've set some big goals for myself and sometimes they can feel a bit overwhelming.  If I break that goal down into a set of smaller goals it becomes much more manageable.  Achieving our goals should never be daunting or unattainable.  A good example of this is what I said in the first post about my daughter's car and the work she wants to do to it.  On the whole fixing up the car seemed to initially overwhelm her and she didn't know where to start.  We broke it up into smaller goals, eating the elephant on bite at a time rather than trying to consume it all at once.  First we simply cleaned the car inside and out, small change but it was a big improvement.  Then we moved onto the next goal.  Making a small change by buffing out the hood made a big change to the overall look of the car.  We made another small change by repairing the oxidized roof.  That small change made another big improvement.  Next we restored her headlights from foggy to clear.  Big improvement not only in appearance, but their function as well.  She has made more repairs and improvements that are making the car better, thereby improving her quality of life.  By the time she is done all of these changes will add up to one HUGE improvement.  Patience is another big part of the process when it comes to accomplishing my goals.  I don't always have a lot of money or time to spend on some of the goals I've set.  While a timeline is important, very important, to getting things done, I sometimes find I need to exercise patience while I wait for all the pieces to fall into place.  Flexibility comes into play when patience is required which is why I tend to have multiple goals set and it is not uncommon for me to be working on them at the same time.  While I prefer to set a goal, work on it, complete it and then move onto the next one it isn't always possible.  If I need to be patient and wait on one I move over and begin to work on another one.  I have a hard time being idle so sitting around just waiting isn't an option.  I need to be busy.  Tracking my goals allows me to adequately manage them.  Especially if I have more than one I am working on.  My preferred method to do this is simply to write it out on a piece of paper and keep it in my day planner.  I look at my lists daily and keep them fresh in my mind so these projects don't languish or get sidelined indefinitely.  Finding time to work on our goals can be a bit challenging as well.  I prefer to have set blocks of time where I plan to work and then get as much done as possible in that timeframe.  Sometimes that block of time may only be fifteen minutes or an hour and that is okay.  Any amount of progress you put into a goal is still progress.  I hope that by sharing how I manage my goals this helps you in some small way as well.  Let me know if you have any questions.  I'm always happy to hear from all of you.
1. Every Friday post a photo that includes one or more flowers. 2. Please only post photos you have authority to use. 3. Include a link to this blog in your post - http://floralfridayfoto.blogspot.com/ 4. Leave the link to your FloralFridayFoto post below on inlinkz. 5. Visit other blogs listed ... comment & enjoy! When to Post: inlinkz will be available every Thursday and will remain open until the next Wednesday.  Thursday, 29 August 2019 FFF404 - NARCISSUS  Narcissus is a genus of predominantly spring perennial plants in the Amaryllidaceae family. Various common names including daffodil, daffadowndilly, narcissus, and jonquil are used to describe all or some members of the genus. Narcissus has conspicuous flowers with six petal-like tepals surmounted by a cup- or trumpet-shaped corona. The flowers are generally white or yellow (orange or pink in garden varieties), with either uniform or contrasting coloured tepals and corona. Narcissus were well known in ancient civilisation, both medicinally and botanically, but formally described by Linnaeus' in his Species Plantarum (1753). The genus is generally considered to have about ten sections with approximately 50 species. The number of species has varied, depending on how they are classified, due to similarity between species and hybridisation. The genus arose some time in the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene epochs, in the Iberian peninsula and adjacent areas of southwest Europe. The exact origin of the name Narcissus is unknown, but it is often linked to a Greek word for intoxicated (narcotic) and the myth of the youth of that name who fell in love with his own reflection. The English word 'daffodil' appears to be derived from "asphodel", with which it was commonly compared. The species are native to meadows and woods in southwest Europe and North Africa with a centre of diversity in the Western Mediterranean, particularly the Iberian peninsula. Both wild and cultivated plants have naturalised widely, and were introduced into the Far East prior to the tenth century. Narcissi tend to be long-lived bulbs, which propagate by division, but are also insect-pollinated. Known pests, diseases and disorders include viruses, fungi, the larvae of flies, mites and nematodes. Some Narcissus species have become extinct, while others are threatened by increasing urbanisation and tourism. Dafffodil breeding has introduced a wide range of colours, in both the outer perianth tepal segment and the inner corona. In the registry, daffodils are coded by the colours of each of these two parts. Thus in the photo below of Narcissus 'Geranium', Tazetta (Division 8) has a white outer perianth and orange corona and is classified as 8 W-O. Join me for Floral Friday Fotos by linking your flower photos below, and please leave a comment once you have done so! If you link your post here, please show a link back to this site on your blog post... Add your own link to the Linky list below and say hello in a comment. Please visit other participants in the meme. Thank you for your loyalty and perseverance in linking up, it is appreciated!
Today 1st Jan 2012/28 Safar 1435 Wednesday 4.14am home@EVP, Perth on the couch next to the window facing the frontyard It's still dark outside. woke up early today at 2am..Alhamdulillah (all praise to Allah), done what was  needed to be done. Today is the 1st day of the yr 2014, on FB banyaknya updates pasal new year celebration kat Malaysia. Somehow, rasa sedih pulak tengok. It makes me thinking and wondering.. Yang pasti, akan tiba satu hari nanti, seorang diri dalam kubur. Masa tu macam mana agaknya keadaan diri yang lemah ni. Literally imagining myself.. takut? gelap? sempit? ulat2 tanah? Ya Allah... tu belum Padang Masyar lagi..  Syukur Alhamdulillah masih diberi nafas oleh Allah hari ni. Banyak betul kesalahan yg perlu diperbetulkan, hak2 orang lain yg perlu ditunaikan, dosa dosa yg perlu dibersihkan. Sempat ke nak selesaikan semua tu sebelum berpindah ke alam barzakh? SubhanAllah..semoga Allah permudahkan, mengizinkan dan dapat menyempurnakan, La Haw La Wa La Quwwata Illa Billah (There is no might or power except Allah).
There is a whole generation of people out that need our hands to build infrastructure and homes. There is a generation of people out there that need our love and support and our finances. There is a generation of people out there that need a friend and a family. There is a generation of people out there that need hope. There is a generation of people out there that need love, that need a saviour and they need to know that they were fearfully and wonderfully made. And yet there is a generation of people out there that need to hear the word of God. He has called us to do great works. He has chosen you to make disciples of this generation of people who do not know who God is.
Whirlwind Alternately titled: "What the hell I've been up to". I know it's been a while since I've updated this thing, and I owe you guys a post! These last couple weeks have been a whirlwind of activity, mainly involving my big move to San Francisco. Well, I'm finally here and loving it so far, but before I get to that, let me back up.  After (reluctantly) returning from a wonderful vacation in Santa Cruz, I headed to the city to check out a potential apartment. I'll admit I was getting a little nervous about finding a place since I had less than a month til school starts, and after sending out dozens of emails I'd only heard back from a few people. The place turned out to be amazing with two great people living there, so I crossed my fingers and headed back to Sac.  Meanwhile I was trying to get in some running, but with the crazy heat wave we were hit with it just wasn't appealing. I did partake in my local Color Run, but even that wasn't enough to light a spark. I took the opportunity to switch things up a bit and went for my first ride post-Ironman, had a little reunion sesh with Jillian, and got my namaste on at bikram yoga (I know hot yoga seems unappealing in the heat but it actually felt amazing!). I also managed to spend multiple hours watching the Olympics. While there were certainly specific highlights for me (hello women's triathlon finish and gymnastics gold!) anything Olympic was good for me. I couldn't get enough! While in Santa Cruz I got in a 12 mile long run, so I was hoping to keep building my long run from there and just run what I can/feel like during the week. My pace is still slower than usual and I fatigue much sooner than I'd like, but I'm still trying!   With that said, I've come to some decisions regarding the Portland Marathon this October. Originally my plan was to make it a PR attempt, specifically aiming to finally go sub-4 hours. I figured post-Ironman I'd have a great fitness base and be ready for a hard, mileage-heavy training cycle to get me ready, but alas, that has not been the case. My body has taken much longer to recover than I expected, and honestly, my heart just isn't in it. Don't get me wrong, I still desperately want that 3:xx (my 4: 01 PR haunts me!!), but I know it's not wise to push yourself when your whole heart isn't into it. I'm a little disappointed and frustrated, but I've mostly come to terms with my decision. I'm ok with this year being "the year of the Ironman", because that's pretty freaking huge! I have time; there will be (many more) marathons in the future. I'm still planning on running Portland, but without the pressure of a big time goal. I'm looking forward to the exploring the city, visiting some friends, and just enjoying the experience stress-free.  This decision has actually taken a lot of weight off my shoulders.  I know once school starts (next week!) I'll be pretty busy, and trying to fit in a strict training plan would be challenging. Instead I'll be sort of "winging" my training. I plan on gradually increasing my long runs up to 20 miles, and then do whatever I can/want during the week, hopefully running at least a 3-4 times on weekdays. I also love that this gives me the freedom to do other workouts, too. I always feel guilty doing something else - like yoga or strength training - when I'm training for a race since I could be using that time to run, but I'm enjoying switching things up lately. I do hope to also start spending some time on the trails since I'm signed up for the North Face 50k in December; and that's also not conducive to training for a fast marathon. I'm especially looking forward to exploring the trails with this local trail enthusiast!  So getting back on track, I found out a few days after applying that I got the place in SF (!!!) and thus the whirlwind began. I wouldn't be moving in until the 15th, but I had tickets to the Outside Lands Music Festival in Golden Gate Park that weekend so I headed back to the city for that. My bff came with me and I met up with a couple other friends and had an amazing time. Incredible music (including the one and only Stevie Wonder!), great food, and an awesome atmosphere made for a very memorable weekend.  While there I attempted another long run, but without knowing a route I ended up all over the place - on trails in Lands End, running up hills in the Presidio, and eventually found my way to the Golden Gate Bridge. The run took for-e-ver because I had to stop so many times to check the map (and take pics) and I only ended up with 11 miles, but it was a great run nonetheless. It was a lovely, cool morning with plenty of fog, and I discovered some really great places to come back to. And holy hills - my quads and buns were burning by the end!  With Outside Lands over I headed back to Sac and had two days to pack up all my shit. We somehow managed to get it done and after a super loooong day Wednesday I was all moved in! So far my impressions are: shit it's cold here! and parking really sucks! Seriously though, I'm loving it so far. It's different, and I know there will be a lot to get used to, but I know with time I'll fall into a routine and things will be familiar. I'm still exploring my 'hood, and yesterday evening went out for my first run as an SF resident. I'd heard about a nice running route around a nearby lake, so I ran the mile and a half to Lake Merced. I wasn't planning on going all the way around it (a 4.5 mile loop), but as I went I was feeling pretty good and like the idea of seeing the whole thing. It was a nice little route, although the fog was super dense, and I know I'll definitely be back. I finished up with 7.5 miles and just a wee bit proud of myself since I only intended to do about 5.  Now that I'm here and fairly settled I hope to get back to more regular posting. I wouldn't expect any weekly training recaps for right now, but I do hope to write more as I explore my new city on foot and navigate the many adventures I'm sure I'll encounter in the coming months. Also, I know many of you are bay area residents yourselves, so if you're ever up for a run (or coffee or lunch or whatever) let me know! I'd love to meet you - even though I feel like I already know so many of you : )
WILD AT HEART There's a theme in today's post. I'm thinking 1999. I'm thinking Eiffel 65. That's right, I'm thinking I'm blue daba dee daba die. If you know me, you'll know I'm a fan of colour. A little pink here, a little rainbow there, so when you have a blank canvas like this Zara shirt dress (which is now in the sale if you can track it down) you've got to play with some colour.  Blue is very much pleasing to my eye. I love blue. I took blue and I multiplied it. Hunting through my overflowing floordrobe, I spied out the hues of blue. From head...             (Sunglasses here). To toe(s)...               (Sandals, similar here). Even my little fluffy sidekick had his blue hat on for the occasion.  And to finish it off, the dream location for someone feeling way too blue, this adorable florist in Notting Hill. Everything about it is so dreamy, but I almost wish they were open on this fine day so I could have treated my dreamboat of a photographer, Rosie, to some blooms.  I feel like they knew we were coming though, as they left my favourite hydrangeas in the window in BLUE!  How many more times can I say blue?
I am OFFICIALLY horrible at writing blog entries! So I have to update this blog HARDCORE- which I will do...I hope. I have to tell about both of my Sydney trips and my field trip to Orpheus Island....and update on the skull project and school here. I've been swamped with a lot of work recently so I guess thats why I've not kept this up...and obviously having a lot of fun! Today Jay and Mom came in and right now I'm waiting for them to come pick me up to go to dinner! :-P SO happy! I can't wait to see them and we have some fun things planned! I'll take lots of pictures. Unfortunately, I have a lot of work due while they are here but there isn't anything I can't handle! It just means I won't get as much sleep as I'd like but I'm still young so my body can handle it! I miss you all and exactly 6 weeks left until I return home to MA! I'll be home for a few days before I go to work in New Jersey all summer at the NOAA James J. Howard Marine Lab! I'll be working on a fish ecology project and in the fall I'll be giving a presentation at a research symposium! Where I'll be living is in the middle of nowhere- so I'll have a lot of time on my hands during the work week. I have vowed to myself that I'll go running every day during the week and get back into shape....not to say that I'm totally out of it, but it would be nice to tone up a bit, especially if I'll be dancing in the fall. I'll also probably read a lot of personal reading books, since I never do during the school year because I get so busy with classes. I'm also going to be studying Spanish in the summer too, so I can get better at conversations! I'm going to be ambitious this summer. I also have planned my 21st birthday party in NYC, for those that can make it out. Date is TBA. I'll probably take a trip down to Philadelphia too since I'm close and have never been there- or at least don't remember it. I'll come home a few times on the weekends but it's 4.5 hours away so I can't come home much. Kind of a bummer since I've been away for so long and would love to spend time with my friends...unfortunately school/ career at this point come first so I can graduate on time! Feel free to visit me if you want! In other news- I have my classes for Fall next semester. I will be living in my same apartment with Whitney as well! I will be taking Genetics, Physics, and Physiology for my serious classes and I'll be taking two dance classes, one Jazz and one Modern, as well as a studio art class. I'll probably be working too- modeling and maybe another job if time allows. Graduation in a year!!!!!! Time flies, man. Anyways- I'll write and post some pictures to update everyone on my stories!
Back to Craft Hi, it's been while since I posted some new projects. I'm so sorry for such a long delay. You know when everything happening at once in your life and you don't know when to start and what to do first.  We had beautiful Christmas here in London visiting our friends in Richmond. Having fun especially with these two fellas. :0) No snow, just  rain and cold wind. Having long walks and watching bright stars in the evening. Thinking of our dearest family back in Slovakia.  Now, lets move! New Year 2016 started so did all my craft projects. Here is my New Years resolution I will work harder to deliver you more tutorials and videos, introducing you all new techniques, bringing you all news from papercraft industry and share all my new projects and ideas. My first two projects created this year are for Poppystamps new January release 2016. We have fantastic Blog Blitz running at Poppystamps Blog right now. You can win two fabulous craft dies each day. Pop over for more info. Here are my creations. I'm learning watercolour technique at the moment. Practicing on watercolour paper. It's really big fun! You will never know what you create till your paper dries out! Thought that rich spring green background would be perfect match with new Poppystamps Tic Tac Toe Love craft die.  I was also playing with dimension effects. As you see hearts, x and os are pushed in while their frame boxes are coming out. I didn't use any foam pads, the trick is in layering.  For all instructions how I made this card please click here. Material Diary Sheet: Clockwise from left bottom. Links will transform you to the UK shops where you can get all my used supplies.  Pink Embroidery Thread, Love Word Baloon Die,Tic Tac Toe Love Craft Die, Crop-A-Dile Corner Chomper, KOH-I-NOOR water colour disc , Daller Rowney Heavy Weight Watercolour paper, Clever Key Pad Die, White Cardstock   My second card should bring you lots of fun and smiles. I was again playing with watercolours, but this time when the paint dried I ran whole background panel through my die cut machine to create beautiful polka dot texture. I love Poppystamps Jourdanna Collage Die. It gives your projects instant pattern and structure!  Then I had idea to hang Eiffel Tower on the balloons and create some movement on my card. So I tied black embroidery strings on each balloon and securely adhere behind stamped and die cut tower. Do you like it?  For all instruction how I created this card please click here. The link transform you to Poppystamps blog. Material Diary Sheet:  Clockwise from bottom left. Links will transform you to the UK shops where you can get all my used supplies.  Daller Rowney Heavy Weight Watercolour Paper, Ooh La la Coordinating Die, Ooh La La Clear Stamp Set, Black Embroidery Thread, Celebration Balloons Die, KOH-I-NOOR Round Water Colour, Jourdanna Collage Die, Kraft Cardstock, Fancy Celebrate Die, Crop-A-Dile Corner Chomper, Ranger Archival Ink Manganese Blue (for Eiffel Tower).  Have a lovely Saturday afternoon! We had first proper winter day with white glittery frost all over the roofs, trees and cars. Going to put cattle on for nice hot cup of tea!  Enjoy your day and thank you for stopping by!
The forgotten few... 1983, Australian Outback. Let me begin by trying to explain something I don't seem to be able to sum up in a single word (Maybe one of my many readers can tell me what I am trying to say, in the comments section below). Do you know that feeling when you've done something horrible wrong? And you just try your hardest to hide the fact, but when someones eyes fix on your face, you can just tell they know what you've done. That is what I am looking for, in a word.  Up to this point in time the video game industry had glided along hastle free, not being caught up in any massive dramas or cover-ups (that could be the word). Sure, the commotion caused over the full-frontal nudity of Puck-man only a few years earlier in 1980 was something you are still hearing about in the news today when someone mentions violence caused by video games, but that is still considered a mere drop in the pond when it comes to what happened next.  The story that you all know and some of you accept, is the story of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial created by Howard Scott Warshaw(If he was the extra, who was the first? Hah!). Atari existed as a very large corporation, as evidence of this I cite the CIA World Fact Book for Personal Computer ownership in the United States for the year 1981, which to date, is the only year that 100% of the US population had at least one PC per person per household. To put that in to perspective, only 68% of the US population has a PC right now, you parents were more tech savvy than you. But I digress, for those of you that don't know the story it is that of the speculated landfill, where millions of unsold copies of the Atari 2600 game E.T. ended up. In 1982 the E.T. video game was released in small quantities to the press to critical acclaim. The game made many technical advancements on the Atari 2600 and was lauded as a master-piece of it's time, with an amazing plot never before seen in a graphical adventure (prior to this games with any storyline substance were released as text adventure games). But what went wrong? Steven Spielberg. Steven Spielberg was a little known man with ambitions to make it big in Hollywood, who at the time was working for a small video-game publication known as 'Atari News'. With the help of his computer programmer friends, Steven Spielberg reverse-engineered the Atari 2600 game and managed to steal a text file contained within, which detailed quite well the entire plot and script for the game. Within the year and before the official release of the game, Steven Spielberg had released a movie which was loosely based on the game. The movie is a success, and Steven Spielberg is somebody. But only weeks after the release of the movie, and amidst a litany of law-suits, the game was released to the public. To avoid any legal action against himself, Warshaw changed minor story elements within the game. Surely, if any positive was to come out of this, it was that the E.T. brand was absolutely massive. Unfortunately this happened at a time of global financial recession, and when it came to entertainment it was either a movie or a video-game, not both. Many people in the public felt that Warshaw had ripped off the movie and tried to radically re-create it in his own image to fool the public in to thinking it was his idea. So great were the merits of this game based on the press release issue, that Atari spent nearly every last dollar it had earnt in computer sales on copies of this game (Remember that Atari at this time was bigger than MicroSoft). The publics demand did not meet expectations, and Atari was beginning to lose value on the stock market as worried investors twittered together, scared that their returns would be copies of the E.T. game. In a store room that took up most of the US state of Nevada, at least 50 million copies of the game sat waiting for store orders. It was estimated by Nolan Bushnell himself that every American citizen would want at least one copy of this game for themself, and so it was that almost that many copies were made. Losing millions of dollars every day in storage costs, Atari eventually had not a cent left. With no money at all and the price of landfill at a premium, Atari were forced to find a free alternative. This was to bury every unsold copy of the game in a giant hole which was known as Texas (since then a bustling city has spouted from the plastic remains). I tell you this, and with what I expect to be shock, I continue by saying that this is not the true horror that occured within the video game industry. For what is less well known that the true story of E.T., is the story of what happened next. Image: Photograph of buried games. After the great video game crash of 1983, which was blamed solely on the events previously explained, Atari underwent massive change and was actually sold. The original staff were not to be seen at the new Atari Corp., but instead all disappeared. Disappeared just like the stock of games. It is rumoured that to hide any link between the Atari games in Texas and the missing employees, they were all killed and then buried in the Australian Outback. This truly is a shocking look back at history, but is one that people have to sometimes take.
Meanwhile, at the airport... I used to put pictures of my travels up on the blog.  Now, they end up on Facebook instead.  Instead of a handful, there are hundreds, and it's where I go to look first for my holiday pics.  This past weekend, I headed to Canberra for a couple of days.  When I first asked people for recommendations of things to do there, I was told to 1) watch the traffic lights change 2) check out Costco and 3) see if the Rex Hotel is still around and whether they do break in those little flower pots still (Bill Bryson reference and on a sidenote, if you haven't read his book about Oz and live here, it's a must read). I'm glad I've paid attention over the years to the one or two people I know who went to Canberra and loved it.  It's definitely a museum nerd and wino's paradise.  There's even some spectacular food and beer, so I'm not sure what there is not to like.  Anyway, this is how we felt about Canberra.
PCI & HANDOVER!!!! So I had the PCI on the 2nd March after it got pushed back a bit which was really frustrating. It went very well with only a few cosmetics issues like paint to fix up. The side of the house on the boundary needs to be rendered as it was poorly bricked from the inside out. The motar has squeezed out the side and they didn't bother to wipe it off. Other than that minor things which could be fixed. I paid a private building inspector to come and do the inspection for me as I would not have a clue of what to look for. He was fantastic! HANDOVER TOMORROW!!! WOOHOO Finally after 2 years and 8 months! It has been a loooooooong journey! I get the keys at 1pm so I will be cleaning the house ready for the furniture to be delivered on Saturday. The couch won't be in until next Thursday but the rest will. So much to do still including sealing the grout and tiles which was a suggestion by a few of our friends to help with cleaning down the line. Then of course there is the landscaping which needs to be done in the courtyard, backyard and front. Anyhow.. now for some picture updates! Loving my aggregate driveway upgrade More pics to come at Handover!!
Burrendong Ridgecrest Camp NSW Friday 5th July  We are currently at Burrendong Ridgecrest Camp (see photos) - a Kid's Kamp was still going when we arrived, so haven't seen too much of Chris or Lynette yet, but it has just finished and the parents are collecting the kids as I write. The view from up here is magnificent - the Dam and Lake on one side, and hills and mountains from the other sides. We are here until Monday when we leave for home. View from Ridgecrest Burrendong Camping Area Burrendong Dam and Lake Burrendong Lake From Ridgecrest ... towards Orange Sunday 8th July  Got up this morning, opened the door of the caravan and looked straight at this beautiful sunrise over Burrendong Lake...... Sunrise over Burrendong Dam .....then a little later the mist started to rise off the waters near the dam. Mist rising from Burrendong Dam Yesterday I spent most of the day working with the volunteers here on a retaining wall that they are building so as they can put in a Jumping Pillow for the kids when they come on camp. It is being built close to the edge of a very steep fall off that has to be reinforced and it is hard, slightly dangerous, labour. We started at 8am had a short stop for morning tea and lunch and back into it, by 3pm I was zonked out, so I had to excuse myself, but Ps Chris and the others kept on going until 6pm - volunteering can sometimes be harder than working! Your Mum even came down and did a bit, but she has been having quite a bit of back pain (all the sitting in the car) lately, so she had to take it easy. Tuesday  9th July Tuesday 9th July After staying at Denman Caravan Park we arrived home today. We travelled roughly 16,500 Kms around Australia.
Boy Drama!   heartUhg, boy drama can be suckish! Every girl knows that its never fun to fight with a boyfriend or a boy you really like. I know from past experience that I would get so upset, and pissed off when I fought with a boyfriend or someone I liked. But with me I got over it really fast. You just have to talk about it and work it out. That׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s just the best way to handle the situation. But it could be more than just fighting. He could be really rude, and mean to you, and you just let it slide, which is never the best thing to do. You should never be in a relationship with someone who is mean to you or you can׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t trust. I have a friend who has been in a relationship with someone for three years and she says she can׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t trust him because he cheated on her in the first six months they dated. I would never date someone who cheated on me and I couldn׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t trust. No one should be with someone whose a cheater, because once a cheater, always a cheater. You also need to be comfortable in your relationship, and you need to be happy in it. You can׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t be with someone if your not happy being with them. Its not fair to them, or you. If you׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ve been with someone for a long time and the romance has just left, and you don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t have the same feelings as you used to have then that might be the sign that tells you the relationship needs to end. Especially if your in high school, those relationships don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t last forever, I know that for a fact. Every time that a boy as broken my heart and hurt me, my mom would tell me I deserved better and that one guy who would make me happy was out there. So I know that if my mom is telling me that there׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s someone out there for me. There will be someone out there for the rest of you. (:
Mind Games I have been needing a fill quite badly for a while now, but it’s hard to get time off work when you have a new job, but I bit the bullet, and organised to leave work slightly early for an appointment. I have to say that I left that appointment reeling and my mind has been going around and around in circles ever since.  I have done quite well with my weight loss over the past 4-6 weeks and the doctor I saw (not my usual doctor) was happy to see my progress, but I explained that I was struggling a lot with hunger and that the only way I was losing weight was by ‘dieting’ and exercising a lot, but that I wasn’t sure how much longer I could keep that up. I certainly didn’t get to 130 kilos by being good at dieting! I could see right away that she didn’t believe me and seemed to think I was trying to get an over-fill in an attempt to lose weight faster. She lectured me on the dangers of being over-filled and I completely agreed, but when I can eat a whole bloody steak sandwich and still be looking for more food- I am not over-filled!  Then she asked what my goal weight is and I said that I wasn’t too sure, but I was aiming for 65 kilos (143 lbs). She was surprised and said that I really shouldn’t aim any lower than 75 kilos (165 lbs) and that at 85 kilos (187 lbs) I had already exceeded the weight loss goal they had for me. I was quite shocked to hear this, as no one has ever discussed weight loss goals with me.  I told her that I had been overweight my entire life, so I have no idea what my goal weight should be, maybe I will get to 75 kilos and feel like that is a healthy weight, but for now my focus is on 65 kilos. Her argument was that 65 kilos would be a healthy weight for other women my age and height (5 ft, 5 in), but because of how much I used to weigh, it was unrealistic for me. So I left the appointment feeling quite despondent. At my current weight I still can’t fit into ‘normal’ sized clothing, I am still at risk for health problems, I am still struggling with my fitness and I am still uncomfortable in my body. So it seems bizarre to me that I should be thinking about finishing with losing weight.  I know it is my personal choice if I decide to continue with losing more weight, but the problem is that now I am second guessing myself. At first when I left the appointment I was angry and feeling more motivated than ever to get to 65 kilos. A few hours later my mind started playing tricks on me... Suddenly the thought of not having to ‘diet’ anymore sounded really nice. I maintained my weight very easily for 4 months of this year and it was a pleasure being able to eat whatever I felt like, in moderation of course, and not gain any weight. I kept active, but only doing activities I enjoyed, not doing mindless gym sessions. So I started to think about how much nicer life would without having to think about losing weight. I could just be normal again.  Now all I can think about is if I should slow down the weight loss and think about moving to maintenance mode in the next 5-10 kilos. I know deep down that I want to keep going with this weight loss and I am not where I need to be just yet. I just wish the temptation wasn’t put in front of me because it has completely messed with my head!
Done gardening! All that's left is the weeding and watering and cursing at small rodents.  I planted the rest of the seeds and plants I bought, moved pots, distributed earth, weeded, carried things down to the basement, and carried things up. Now to sit back and relax... except for weeding. And spraying for rabbits and squirrels (the chipmunk does as he pleases). And watering.  We have a mysterious pond (well, more of a Very Wet Spot) that has never completely gone away and gets deeper every time it rains. I kind of like it - looks very natural and there are dragonflies in it! My landlord is not so enthusiastic, but he doesn't have time to deal with it. Anyways, I waded out into it and sprinkled mosquito bits to cut down on the mosquitoes. The mud is about ankle deep and the deepest part is maybe six inches. So it's more of a large puddle maybe.  I added more alyssum to the dahlia pots - they are all growing pretty well. The zinnias and aster seeds are coming up, the tomatoes not so much. I will just have to wait and see on those.  The lilies have a crown of buds! I think they are going to be orange or yellow. The gladiolas are 6-12 inches high and three or four freesia stalks came up.  I'm not sure the flower seeds I planted in my big pots will ever actually grow - I added some cosmos seeds. I also put in a pot of snapdragon plants and pulled a big chunk of what I thought was chives but upon closer inspection was grass.  The callas are definitely slower this year - last year at this time they were a foot or more high! They're just spears and a couple have not even come up yet. I left it too late to buy pansies, so I put in a lot of seeds and a few have sprouted. I put portulaca seeds in the one pot where nothing has come up yet.  I planted three calibrachoa plants in my new pot holders on the trellis, then two pots of peas and a lemon thyme plant. I also added some dying mint from Sara. I planted two fuschias and moved out one extra pot. The anemones are large and fluffy but no blossoms yet.  The Monet garden looks kind of messy. Between all the daffodils sprawling around after finishing flowering and the sprouting birdseed and the ground elder I was never able to fully remove... But I organized my trellises (I'm waiting for two 9 foot ones to go in front of the window which are backordered to mid-June) and I noticed that morning glories are already popping up from last year. I weeded a lot, not that you can tell, and put morning glory seeds in the bird pots on the trellis as well as a little fertilizer, and extra nasturtiums in the bare spot at the front of the garden.  I ran out of dirt! Luckily, Sara was running errands and got me some more. I decided to put the four o'clocks and nasturtiums in pots - I just can't keep up with weeding the ground elder. I bought two nasturtiums, a climber and a peach melba, and put them in big pots at the back. Everything else I just kind of shoved in here and there. I put the nasturtium seedlings in my window box with some fertilizer. The honeysuckle is still alive and there are a few sprouts of four o'clocks here and there but it's hard to tell. The amaryllis mostly seem to be alive, buried in the ground elder. I also put in a window box with bushy morning glories (blue ensign) outside my bedroom window.  Sprayed everything with liquid fence and I am DONE!!
Diet coke pork Diet Coke Pork. I have never been as dubious about a recipe in my life as this one, it just sounds wrong. I imagine the Diet Coke sauce will work with any meat, the pork was lovely (My Dad's only comment was there wasn't enough of it). I did it for 3 people but the recipe I'm gonna write is for one serving so just multiply it by the amount of people you are serving. It's free on EE. Basically it's 3tbsp passata, ֲ½tbsp Worcester sauce, 200lm diet coke. All in a pan, stir and let it reduce (which it eventually will) then add you chosen meat and you're done. I kept tasting the sauce and got it to how I wanted it so this is a round and about recipe! Served with salad and potato wedges. It works better with a less reduced sauce with rice.
Lose the last 5kg... 1.      Have you bought a great dress but can’t fit into it anymore? 2.      Do you have to go to a wedding or event in 2 weeks and want to look hot? 3.      Are you going on holiday and need to look great in your bikini? If you answered yes to any of these questions then this article is well worth you reading. As busy women we all find ourselves running out of time to look great for a big event. The quickest way to lose weight fast is to significantly reduce your calorie intake in relation to what you are expending. As this calculation process can take time and be annoying to have to record down everything you eat, the best solution is to use meal replacement shakes to replace 2 of your daily meals. The perfect diet to lose those last 5kg is as follows: Breakfast                meal replacement shake Morning snack           1 piece of fruit & cup or tea/herbal tea/coffee Lunch                     meal replacement shake or soup & 1 cup of vegetables or salad Afternoon snack        1 piece of fruit – banana is a great satisfying treat & cup of tea/herbal tea Dinner                     Fist size portion of protein and 2-3 cups of vegetables Night snack              low calorie hot chocolate (no more that 50 calories per cup)                              Or                              Cup of herbal tea & one tea biscuit Walk fast for 30 minutes everyday Drink 1.5 to 2litres of water per day Only use cooking oil spray No butter, only use milk in your tea and coffee unless required in your meal replacement shake Use as many herbs and spices and you like to flavour your vegetables and salads No breads, rice, pasta, potato For the first couple of days you may feel some withdrawal symptoms from not having sugars and carbs but after about 2-3 days your body will go into Ketosis. This is where you will lose weight fast. Ketosis is when your body uses fat for energy rather than the carbohydrates than you normally have. Carbohydrates and sugar is the first thing your body uses for energy. When you don’t feed your body these sources it will turn to your fat stores and start using them for energy….does that sound like what we all want to happen!! You will lose weight fast and feel energized in the process. Visit Weight Loss Wonders and go to the meal replacement section for many options to choose from and start your weight loss today! http://www.weightlosswonders.com.au/
Where did I go? Thursday, October 18, 2018 Pin on Pinterest Long time no talk hey?! Sorry for being MIA for so long guys! Life got a bit crazy a while back and I had to take a little step away from blogging for a bit, unfortunately the break ended up being a lot longer then I anticipated! I don't want to dig too deep into it but the long story short is I went through a break up, and as most of you probably know break ups can be a bit harsh on the mind and soul. especially when you had been with that person for near 4 years and shared a child together. I originally took the break to help me reorganise my thoughts and to just have one less thing to worry about while I was moving and trying to figure out what single life meant for me. That took a lot longer then I would of liked it too. In fact i'm still not 100% used to this new life of mine, its been over one whole year, so I have settled quite a lot but I still have a lot of discovering to do! If you've been with me from the start you'll know that I was a teen mother, I had my little boy quite young, which meant I basically had no choice but to dive straight into the family life. My main focus for quite a long time was purely my son and our family. There's nothing wrong with that believe me, but once I became single I realised I hardly knew myself. So there I was, an 18 year old newly single mum who was officially stepping out into the real world with her son by her side. I've had so much support from all of the amazing people in my life and I couldn't be more grateful. And looking back this break up of mine was honestly the best thing that could of happened to me, I've learnt how to become independent, I've made new friends and i'm actually working (which is a huge step from being a stay at home mum for three years). I've recently turned twenty years old, I've grown more into my little home, the little ones off to preschool and hopefully starting kindy orientation soon. I know more about myself then ever before, there's still a lot more to learn. But one thing i know for sure is that I've missed writing, so much. So here is my official relaunch post, i'm glad to be back. x
True To Their Word. "We're starting all over again", aren't they really something. Think I've been here about 6-8 weeks now. YES, they are starting all over again. How obnoxious they are. Sad little lives. The last few days its getting impossible again to stay in the van nearly. I hope and pray they are incredibly UNCOMFORTABLE themselves. Its like Scotty's trying to beam us up here. Back to getting flashes of light through the room in the van. Etc, etc. Earlier tonight got "If you want to keep breathing get outside and do it there". Actually had to leave the van earlier. Sure couldn't bloody breathe in here. Oh bugger, just after typing that a big clunk from the side of the van, sounds so familiar. You wouldn't want to get bored mate. The last few days am back to tasting blood again after feeling a slash like and burning feeling across the top of my head. Oh I forgot, she's "playing laser games" she said. Last night was up til fairly late with my dog, he kept jumping off the bed every time he tried to sleep, then the poor bugger kept wanting to go outside, had to keep pooping. (The first time we went outside I saw the usual flash of white shoot right past us, I have photos of this from before, this is liquid from a high pressure squirt gun, a familiar taste also.) Today they said "Yeah, got your dog last night".  Since coming back into my blog again they're back on with the "pedophile bitch" stuff most of the time again. Today was a good one, "Pedophile of the century", hell I've been busy, and how old am I, for the whole bloody century? Wow. I started my art again, and that is a 100% guarantee of an upturn in any kind of harassment every time, back at the house they had said "Targets can't make any money". Must be too lazy to try and make any themselves. Try getting a hobby, and leave other people to their lives.
GIANT Cupcake - How Big ???? One of the new silicone bakeware moulds we've just got in is for a GIANT Cupcake. I've seen jumbo / giant cupcakes before such as the Big Top Cupcakes and Wilton's version - but this is even bigger still - by rather a lot ! The Big Top Giant Cupcakes claim to be 25x bigger than a normal cuopcake. Well...... if a standard muffin mix makes 10 > 12 cupcakes, and it takes 2.1/2 batches of mix to fill one side and 1.1/2 batches to fill the other - thats 5 x 10 > 12 .... So ours is FIFTY to SIXTY times the size of those. Yikes. When I made the one photographed, I did not fill the entire base mould. I used two batches of mix for the base and 1.1/2 for the top. The base was definately FAR smaller than it should have been .... which makes my photos of the cupcake a little out of true proportion. Ok - so I'm being seriously critical here. The photo below shows how much mix I put in the base. I used my gran's adapted banana loaf recipe for the base as it's dense and moist. Refrigerated, it'll keep for days. I knew this was a seriously big cake and was initially worried that the weight of the top half of the cake plus icing would perhaps collapse the base ! Actually - I need not have worried - it stood up pretty well. With both sides properly filled, this cake would stand 11" / 230mm high UN-ICED. That's a pretty towering big cupcake ! With all the mix in the mould, you need to be really careful when moving as the top part isn't so stable as it has such a small foot to stand on. I think maybe we've made this just a little big ! The top part of the cupcake could do with a bit more support somehow at the bottom.... but that's me being really critical For the top half of the cake, I used a vanilla type sponge which rises a lot more. Here are the base and the top. after they have been trimmed on the underside. The top of the giant cupcake has still to be trimmed. Here is the base, now with some buttercream icing - ready for the top to go on. The banana cake gave it a nice dark outer. Sara had come over to play and help me ice this up. Sarah is applying the first layer of buttercream here. We're not too bothered about the lines on the top part. In our opinion, they're a neccessity to hold on the buttercream and stop it slipping off - since you will need a lot of buttercream ! Here it is - ready for final decoration. I weighed the plate first and then the finished cake on the plate so we could get a weight of the cake only. The final giant cupcake weight was 4.2kg - 9.25lb ! We took it with Oliver to nursery for the children and staff to share since it was Sports Day. I'll get the photos and more info on the Giant Jumbo XL cupcake mould online on our website tonight. Have a fun weekend ! Sarah-Jane, ww.siliconemoulds.com - biggest UK silicone cookware cook shop. Shipping Worldwide
Day 29 Thoughts: You know when you read the back of the ingredients list on what ever your eating (and if you don't you should! Get present to what you are putting into your mouth!) and you see all these numbers and words you cannot pronounce....well stay away from them! It's kinda like they are introducing all these new words and chemicals. I don't even know what most of them are or mean! Here's a list of some (thanks to Carolyn Wagner) to stay away from! E500 Sodium bicarbonate  E535 Sodium ferrocyanide  E536 Potassium ferrocyanide  E538 Calcium ferrocyanide  E542 Bone phosphate  E550 Sodium silicate  E551 Silicon dioxide  E552 Calcium silicate  E553a Magnesium trisilicate  E553b Talcum powder  E554 Sodium aluminosilicate  E555 Potassium aluminium silicate  E556 Calcium aluminosilicate  E558 Bentonite  E559 Aluminium silicate  E570 Stearic acid  E900 Polydimethylsiloxane  E542 BONE phosphat eewwwww! Challenges: no challenges today!!!! Triumphs: day 29 on only whole and natural earth foods wooooo! What I Ate Today: Breakfast: beetroot, carrot, apple, way too much ginger and celery juice, chocolate balls, potatoes painted with olive oil cooked in the oven Lunch: a pear, a boiled egg, raw snow peas Dinner: Leftovers from last night's "Garden Feast" by Steph!  Dessert: no dessert Snacks: Chocolate balls, gogji berries, macadamia nuts Recipe: Chocolate balls, and you can get creative and add all sorts of fruits and nuts in it ;) Today the recipe went like this: 1. Add cocoa powder, agave syrup, water and hazenut meal to a bowl and mix 2. Roll into balls and eat! This recipe is totally raw and organic and an energy food!  Cost: $20.30 to buy the ingredients for the chocolate balls. $4.30 for the hazelnut meal, $7 for Agave syrup and $9 for cocao powder. This will make a lot of balls that you can keep in your freezer and eat over a few days! Exercise: 30 minutes run on the beach and swim in the ocean at Surfers Paradise! mmmm  337 days to go!
Digestive Bugs; a Hidden Cause of Weight Gain in Women Did you know, digestive bugs are a hidden link to unexplained weight gain in women?  The great news is, there is herbal and nutritional support that WILL make a difference. Although I have previously discussed digestive flora before from it's influence on serotonin and cravings, new findings directly link it to poor glycaemic control and unexplained weight gain – and after 16 years of practice, it really makes so much sense! Recent research has shown that digestive health, plays a significant role in both obesity and diabetes, primarily due to a deficiency in a protein called toll-like receptor 5 (TLR5), a regulator of digestive flora in our gastro intestinal tract. This allows harmful bacteria to multiply and taking probiotics can actually make it worse! In short, a TLR5 deficiency changes your metabolism. It means you can exercise and count calories or live on lettuce leaves and not lose weight. The reason being, the food you eat is absorbed at a faster caloric rate than it is meant to. Think of the example of you are out to coffee with a friend, you both have a skiny latte – your absorbency is the equivalent to having two! This is because a deficiency in TLR5 causes: Increased carbohydrate storage Increased caloric absorption Increased insulin production Increased leptin resistance Increased fatty acid absorbency This means, if you have unhealthy digestive flora and a 'gut bug', although you eat healthy, you may extract more calories from your foods, even if they are 'healthy' and gain more weight. This is why you might eat less than your friends but still gain weight! Top three causes of toll-like receptor 5 (TLR5) deficiencies Gram negative digestive bacteria Chronic infections Genetics Chronic stress Antibiotic use Symptoms Cravings and increased appetite Unexplained weight gain Stubborn fat around the middle Bloating, digestive disturbances Unexplained high cholesterol Unexplained high blood pressure Unexplained fatigue Unexplained pain and inflammation Poly Cystic Ovarian Disorder Test results may show: 1. Elevated CRP 2. Digestive dysbiosis or inflammatory bowel conditions 3. Elevated Free Fatty Acids 4. Auto immune markers 5. Poor glycaemic control 6. Poly Cystic Ovarian Disorder or Cysts 3 Easy Steps to Stopping This Cycle Today 1. Don’t wait. I can guarantee you, it won’t 'fix' itself, it will only get worse. 2. You MUST reduce bacterial levels and restore balance 3. You MUST restore glycaemic control and improve insulin sensitivity To Join or Not To Join? Deciding to make the change is often one of the hardest steps, simply because making change takes energy. You may even be exhausted from trying to find solutions!  There are so many reasons why you may need help. But with the right expert advice, you can make a difference, starting today. Making a change is easy. Just join my $149 program at http://www.massattack.com.au/f_form.php and let me know if you are on board and ready to go so I can coach you along the way. If you would like further information or for me to call you, please email me at info@massattack.com.au Warmest regards, Narelle Stegehuis MHSc. Naturopath. Medical Herbalist. Tel. 1300 133 536 or www.massattack.com.au
NOVEMBER FAVOURITES  I was inspired to reappear from by blogging hiatus from browsing through Etsy and Pinterest today, it really made me feel like doing something creative.  Over the past few months I have on and off been living away from home which involved smart minimal packing so I wouldn’t have to cart a whole lot of unwanted stuff here and there. So when I thought to do a favourites post I didn’t look too further than what I have in my makeup bag.  Naked 2 Palette by Urban Decay     I know this palette is nothing new to share with you however with Christmas around the corner I thought it may spark someone’s interest as a gift idea. Cooler in tone than its predecessor, the Naked palette, Naked 2 had twelve beautiful neutral eye shadows that are vibrant, buttery and a breeze to blend. Since purchasing this palette a little over a month ago I have been using it almost every day, my favourite shades are Half Baked, Verve and YDK.  NARS Duo Eyeshadow in Alhambra  This duo is my no fuss, up and out the door shadow. The metallic rose and sparkling champagne complement each other so nicely and both colours look beautiful on their own or applied with a damp brush for a deeper dazzle of colour.  Juicy Couture Original Fragrance I purchased this at the very end of November hence the slight usage; however I have purchased many bottles in the past (so it totally justifies being a November favourite). To me it reminds me of warm summer nights in Honolulu, Hawaii where I purchased my first bottle. It is a sweet fragrance with top notes of watermelon, mandarin and passion fruit however to me it smells of fresh cut frangipani’s. Urban Decay Primer Potion Original Again, this product needs no introduction. A cult beauty staple, the Urban Decay Primer Potion allows shadows to stay put all day with little creasing and increased vibrancy.  Inglot Freedom Quad This is a rediscovered favourite, just like the Alhambra duo, this quad creates a quick no fuss look. I feel all colours complement each other nicely and create the perfect every day natural eye.  Stay Pretty Pro Longwear Blush by MAC Released with the MAC Office Hours collection, Stay Pretty is a matte pink blush. As it’s Pro Longwear formulation I find it has good staying power and it provides a nice, pretty flush to the cheeks. Springsheen Sheertone Shimmer Blush by MAC A part of MAC’s permanent collection, this blush was actually a gift from my fiancé. Springsheen is a peachy/coral with a golden shimmer and because of its sheertone formulation blends nicely into the skin without the disco ball look. Sun Dipped Pro Longwear Bronzing Powder by Mac Released with the Hello Sailor collection, Sun Dipped is a Bronze with gold micro glitter. I was a little apprehensive when I purchased this as I had a strict matte bronzer policy however Sun Dipped has become one of my favourite bronzers and I use it everyday to contour or frame my face.    L-R: Stay Pretty, Springsheen and Sun Dipped Have you tried and loved any of my November favourites? Do you have your own favourites to share? Please comment I would love to hear from you. PHOTOBOMBED.. Millie decided to fly over to check out what I was up to.
Their All Over Australia? My my. So are Mozzies and Cockroaches.. Today they have been at the harassment non-stop. Last night I was talking to my brother on the phone and he was cleaning out his freezer at the same time, he said to me they had a dead fly in their freezer. Not that long after I hung up I went and sat in my car, it was only a few minutes after that a bolt of light went through the car from across the road between myself and my dog, at the same time I got told "That will warm you up you cold bitch," within a few minutes I felt really sick, My left arm and leg felt numbish, I moved from where I was and drove around the corner, it took about an hour and half to get over it. My heart was pounding like mad and felt burn like feelings over myself for quite awhile. The dryness of my mouth that went with it was unreal. My tongue started to feel numbness. My poor dog also I know it would have affected him also. They tried to give me a stroke. I guess it was lucky it wasn't a direct hit. I don't know but they said "the first one was." Today has been unreal. I didn't get to do any shoppping yesterday, the attack was so bad all day, I wonder if it was to do with the fact that the previous post I put on that I always on Wednesdays pension day, got my dog his food and paid my bills. I'm sure it was. Neither thing got done. I was able to get to the garage and get some milk, I couldn't stand any longer to get anything else, so gave him some milk and bread to eat, until I got down again later for a can of dog food when I felt a bit better again. The first half of the day today wasn't too bad, I couldn't believe it, I managed to get some things done, they said after "I let you get that done because you were going today." This afternoon has been a different story altogether. Non-stop hissing, V2K to go with it (she said before I'm talking you into the ground), and overheating, shocking. Since they said to me "You've got two days to get out of town, or two days to die", the attacks have been incredible. My eyes are unbelievably dry, heated, and sore. Yesterday I couldn't believe it when she said "Now your not even going to look at any art" now I'm not even going to LOOK at any art??  We're all over Australia". Your all over Australia, what? a bunch of sad losers who run around with "bluetooth" they say, with nothing better to do than zap people etc, and torture etc. Poor Australia, for having shit like you in it, is all I can say.
I'm Back from Washington (D.C.)! I have been back for a week now, but that doesn't matter... What did I do? Lots of things... we had a whole family reunion (where we ate at a Japanese restaurant where they cooked the food in front of us... I got scallops and beef), a camping trip (next to the Shenandoah River- we played and ate yummy food and slept in tents), and I was productive. The first item of productivity (it is not in order of when they were finished): This is "El Gato Meow",  or "The Meow Cat" (still looking for actual names, please comment!). She's and idea I've had for a long long time (like since the second term when we were designing softies), except the idea was originally orange and brown. But... blue and black is BETTER!! I actually brainstormed a whole bunch of other colors on this cool sheet of paper, maybe I'll put it in the next post if I remember. More pictures:  Okay, so moving on to more products of productivity (hehe- I still like productiveness better, grandpa!): Okay, so I know that I said I wasn't putting this stuff in order, but here is the first drawing that I did one day in my free time. Let me just say that it did not turn out as well as I wanted it (Babushka thought that the person on the right was a man... and just in case you're thinking that too, she's a woman. Definitely a woman). I did it completely out of pastels (except for the basic outline). Here is my reference picture: I got it off Google. I don't know what the "Indian" thing is. Yes, I did imagine these people to have an Indian look (will explain), but anyways. Okay, my explanation: I'm entering this competition called the "Inky Awards Audience Prize". Basically, these people created these book awards called the Inky Awards. They are judged by teenagers. Then, a list of 20 books is put up so that you know they are good. Anyways, so the audience prize is basically just a thing where you create something (like a video, drawing, anything) and you get the chance to win 20 books. This is one of my entries. Another entry is... This is a girl I drew from a book named Drama. It was a graphic novel, and I always thought that it would be cool to see what the character would look like in real life. So, since I don't have Photoshop and don't know anyone with purple hair (and don't want to violate copyright...), I decided to draw her. She didn't turn out half- bad. I hope I have a shot at those 20 books. here is the reference picture: I had to change her a bit because the girl in the book has wavy hair and, obviously, she has purple hair. And no, Mom, this girl looks nothing like Babushka. Anyways, one more drawing: This one freaks my friend out. I personally love it and think it's one of the best I've done (but of course Miss Kitty is better). Most of the face is done in colored pencil, some of the shading is done by a really dark lead pencil, and the complete black is done by pastel. Okay, I can't help it. Here are my fingers after I did this: Even after I washed them they were still grey for a few hours. Anyways, my friend wanted to see it, so here is my reference picture: Yes, mine is different. The eyes are green (it's a book thing), and in the original you can't see the left eye. Again, it's a book thing, but I assume you want to hear it: the eyes are "mothership green". They glow in my eyes. technically that doesn't happen in the book, but I really don't care. Anyways, before I leave you, here is a school project. This is a Golador. The word comes from "gato" (cat) "volador" (flying). Yes, I basically called it "Flying Cat". I didn't have much choice: I considered "Fat", "Birat"(try saying it out loud), "Cird"(try saying that too), and Volato (which just reminded me of ice cream and volcanoes- VOLCREAM!!). I based the wings on the Harpy Eagle (a bird from South America) and a type of cat called Margay. I used these pictures:  I picked the Margay as my cat body because it was the (from what I could see) smallest South American cat I could find.  This wing really helped me to see how to fold it over... And this one helped in terms of striping and stuff. Onto the Random Picture... (kitten) "Pwease owner... PWEASE..." (Owner) "No." (2 hours later) (sorry, just had to put that at the end)
Real Techniques make up brush haul Oooo Boots and their 342 deals. I can never say no and being the make up brush obsessed woman that I am I literally jumped at the chance to add a load of my favourite Real Techniques brushes to my kit! I'm rather excited about the NEW retractable bronzer brush.  What is your favourite Real Techniques brush?  Detailed reviews of all of these brushes will be coming soon. Any particular one you would like an in depth review of first? xxxxxx
Getting back on track? I can't work out today or tomorrow...but i am going to Target! so i can walk right?...lol   breakfast: piece of artisan bread with almond butter, fried egg, coffee with creamer and agave (320) snack: popcorn, random cookie, bite of bread, tea with agave (150) lunch: BIBIMBAP!!! (my FAVORITE FOOD EVER)of rice, tofu, namool (greens in sesame oil), red paper paste (400) dessert: coffee, cookie (100) dinner: rice, rossu gui, kimchee (530) dessert: MILKA CHOCOLADE and coffee (100)  total: 1650 (see below)   If you're wondering about all of the korean food i'm eating for TWO meals a day, I am on mid-winter break. And not at home. So i can't really work out till wednesday, when i'll be home again, and i have no control over what i eat...lol Until Wednesday, I'm just trying to not binge and keep it 1500-1600 net. That is under the 1800-2000 I need to maintain (just about).   Rossu Gui is thinly sliced rib eye- you eat less because it is sliced so thinly (at 70 calories an ounce). We drain all the fat too, so I'm pretty sure I didn't eat all 530 calories, but I try to over-estimate. It is verrry yummy. MILKA - i can't believe I found you at TARGET of all places. It is the smoothest, most amazing chocolate EVER (made in Germany). Everytime someone in my family goes to Europe, we bring a separate suitcase for chocolate, no joke. I missed it soo....(haven't had it in TWO years daaaamnnnn). GO BUY IT. It retails for $2-3 a bar. ITS SOOO GOOD!  *EDIT- ate some popcorn and korean rice cake +50 calories
I grew up around Camels. In fact, my mother use to race them. Quite a unique hobby to have, yes. I always felt special, because nobody else's mothers raced Camels. Well not at my school anyway. Our house was full of Camel "things". Ornaments, pictures, rugs, tea towels, table clothes, lamp shades - all sorts of things. It is still a tradition of mine, that every year on my mothers birthday and christmas, I give her a gift something to do with Camels. So I naturally have a soft spot for them. I am very drawn to the desert. I love her harshness and her softness, that she portrays. Much like a woman with great strength, yet has a vulnerable side. I dream of trekking through the desert with these giant beauties. Maybe it's my desire to find my own strength again. To push myself to the limits. To feel again. To appreciate. To feel alive again. Tonight my husband and I went to rent a movie, where I came across the trailer of the new movie called "Tracks" - a true story of Robyn Davidson, a young woman who in 1977 undertook a solo trek across the Australian Outback. My heart sung, as I watched the trailer. Once again thinking this is something I want to achieve in my lifetime. Hence the inspiration behind my blog today.
HYDE PARK BARRACKS CAFE One busy weekend morning that R was in town, after visiting the World Press Photo exhibition we had a couple of hours to kill and were desperate for reasonably good food but the places I wanted to go to were booked out. We stumbled on this place after walking down the road from the State Library and it was good! Well duh otherwise I wouldn't be writing about it... We ordered the beetroot salad with maple walnuts,  baby calamari and crispy skin trout with radish/fennel salad and I couldn't fault any of it. Honestly though, judging by all the other customers lunching there too you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The coffee was pretty decent and the waiters were great (hello Asian Steve Jobs lookalike wearing the Hermes belt...) plus I think they do high tea too. So if you're in the area I say go for it! ^^ World Press Photo of the Year 2015 by Warren Richardson, Australia, 2015, Hope for a New Life By the way, the World Press Photo 16 is still going on until the 19th June. It's free! I'd been meaning to go for the past 3 years and I'm glad I finally got to see all the amazing, topical photography from around the world. Some of the photos were absolutely stunning and most of them very thought-provoking. Getting a peek into some people's lives and realities gives you some perspective and for most, this is pretty humbling.
GREEN SUMMER VEGETABLE LASAGNE It is important to note that this recipe is not shy on calories. Thereג€™s cheese, double cream, lashings of olive oil, layers of pasta and plenty of veg. My green summer vegetable lasagne is quicker to make than a traditional lasagne (thereג€™s no baking) and you can use the sauce with any pasta if you so choose. I like to think that all that green veg negates the calories and I happily ploughed through a whole plate of this. Bear in mind, I am very greedy and although the recipe below says itג€™s for two, it would definitely stretch to three or four! Green Summer Vegetable Lasagne INGREDIENTS You will need (for two): Olive oil (for cooking) 1 onion, finely chopped 2 cloves garlic, crushed 2 nuggets frozen spinach (or a handful fresh spinach, chopped) 300ml double cream Salt and pepper Handful green beans, halved Half a small head broccoli, cut into florets Half a mug of peas 6 sheets fresh lasagne 3 tbsp extra virgin olive oil Small handful fresh basil Parmesan Sauce for the lasagne METHOD In a pestle and mortar bash the basil up until itג€™s almost a purֳ©e and then add the extra virgin olive oil. Leave to one side to infuse. Get a frying pan onto a medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the onion and fry for a few minutes until soft and then add the garlic and fry for a few minutes more. Add the spinach to the pan and continue frying for another minute or so to allow any water in the spinach to escape. Pour the double cream into the pan, bring to a boil, stirring, and then turn the heat off. Be careful it doesnג€™t catch. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and leave to one side to keep warm. Youג€™ll ideally need a saucepan with a steamer that can go on top but you can cook the lasagne and vegetables separately if needed. Bring a saucepan of water to the boil. Pop the vegetables in a steamer and put them on top of the boiling water for two minutes and then add the lasagne to the boiling water and cook the lasagne and vegetables for a further three minutes (or according to pack instructions). Drain the lasagne and then layer it up on plates adding the green vegetables and sauce to each layer. Finish by drizzling over the basil oil and shaving over generous quantities of Parmesan. Layered lasagne with green vegetables There are so many other vegetables you could add to this if you had them: asparagus, broad beans, courgettes and some roasted cherry tomatoes would be fantastic too. Thereג€™s a recipe here from BBC Good Food which would make a slightly different filling for my green summer vegetable lasagne. I love how this recipe celebrates fantastic summer vegetables and the freshness of the basil oil really lifts the whole dish. It would also be worthwhile adding a splash of white wine to the creamy sauce if you fancied it. I call this an ג€˜open lasagneג€™ and I have made another one before; full of chard and smoked bacon. You canג€™t go wrong with a big bowl of pasta on a warm summerג€™s evening.
Sharing Isn't Caring... when it comes to men 9/27/14  I am one to question people who I consider close to me. When they do things that are immoral, I ponder over who they really are. I draw back a little. Call it judging if you may this one but this one scripture put it's in prospective for me:  "Proverbs 13:20-21 NLT  Walk with the wise and become wise; associate with fools and get in trouble. Trouble chases sinners, while blessings reward the righteous"  so now you get last blog post "You failed at life?", if you have not already.  In today's reading, I have another close friend that I've been questioning lately but let me start it like this,  If anyone recalls my 7 Billion Rule, it goes like this... They are are 7 billion in this world so know there is always someone else out there for you. You do not have to date the potential in others. You do not have to deal with other people's lewdness and fraudulent behavior. You do not have to on the realms of relationships and friendships.  I live by a 7 billion rule most of the time but always in these instances:  If a guy is promiscuous If a guy is deceitful If a person is being fake, living a lie If a person is doing things that may cause harm to my reputation  I often wonder why some women are so keen on sharing men. I let a guy know from the jump that sharing isn't caring when it comes to men. If I'm intimate with you, that's it. I'm not into unhealthy causes. They are too many things that you can contract out here dealing with just one person. The risks grows when more people are added into the mix.  When I find out a guy is with me and another one or more people I dismiss him for those very reasons. I will never understand why a woman will want to carry on with such a man. Is the "D" that good? What you can't find better "D"? Is has to be the "D" right? Or maybe not... It could be a matter of self worth. Some women feel like they cannot do better. They turn it on themselves, like they are the issue and with that it depicts who were brought up or shown to be Queens and who were not so let me say this.  Little Girls. Ladies. Women... We are Queens, We must treat ourselves as thus, and REQUIRE  a man to treat us as such. Stop settling for the sake of "I love you(s)"
Plot Twist ANd so she writes again..  I was thinking a little something more warm for my second return onto the internet but, this seemed a bit more up my route..daring spontaneous with a dash of mystery..  okay maybe I׳’ג‚¬ג„¢m a bit ahead of myself but there׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s a lot to catch up on or maybe we shoud switch that stage all together..  In my life there are but so many things that make me who I am and happy. One is Jesus, Two is my writing, three is family/friends, along with formed opinions and my assumed conclusion that politics never dies until the world does׳’ג‚¬ֲ¦and probably won׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t. I think I can sense what you׳’ג‚¬ג„¢re thinking. What God loving girl enjoys watching the world deteriorate and fall into pieces..radical right.. NO okay maybe but there are so many things wrong that I׳’ג‚¬ג„¢m willing to fix with help of the LORT..  I׳’ג‚¬ג„¢m joking..a bit but I׳’ג‚¬ג„¢m also serious about radically making myself aware of the affect I have on others and my potential as an advocate of all things that end in love׳’ג‚¬ֲ¦if you didn׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t catch the last of my saying the name Jesus, love would be it.  I׳’ג‚¬ג„¢m thinking a new twist for this blog.. Jesus meets politics, meets teenage girl, meets poet/future journalist/ and writer.  so contents will be some of the same with the addition of a religion section and a news meeting my analysis of it  comment your thoughts below loves:)   Wordyqueen
Where Is Empress Elizabeth's Wedding Dress? Franz Joseph, Emperor of Austria, fell in love with beautiful sixteen year old Elizabeth from Bavaria at first sight. He was meant to marry her sister, Helene, but to his dominating mother's sorrow, could not resist young and impulsive 'Sisi'. The wedding was suitably splendid, but, unfortunately Sisi's wedding dress has been lost. It was a royal tradition to donate the dresses to a church - it became the property of the basilica Maria Taferi. Now only the silver embroidery which became part of a priest's robe remains. It is on show at the Vienna Sisi Museum.
Paywalls and Reading   Recently, just about everything I want to read is behind a paywall. The cost of entry is not one I am willing to pay though some of the content is great. I am definitely part of a large consumer trend here in my unwillingness to pay for content that may even be of interest. It seems like a pay per read would be a more palatable option for most people. Forcing a subscription down our throats can only meet with resistance. Consequently, everyone loses out - niche publications that are investing in content creation or curation will lose out because they lack in volume and variety to make  the subscription option attractive.   Mainstream publications that have the volume and variety issue solved do not offer enough in terms of spike in level of interest to trigger the subscription commitment. Add to this the growing use of ad-blockers. All of this makes for a very complex situation to negotiate between producers and consumers of content. In the meanwhile, I just go look for free content on the topic that I am pay-walled from. So far, that has been a positive experience and lead to discovering publications that are absolutely wonderful - but for the maze of paywalls, I would have never discovered them.
Shampoo Troubles  One day on September1st 2009 Isabella Marie, an average girl who was very smart acted irrational for a few minutes in the shower. “There’s no more shampoo!” she shrieked. So she got out of the shower, put on her robe and went to talk to her mom. “Mom how can I take a shower without shampoo!” she cried. ” Are you serious sweet pea look at you, go get dressed and I’ll give you ten dollars so you can buy shampoo.” said her mom. “Okay mom she obediently remarked. She got dressed in her tie dyed shirt, white capris, and an orange sweater. She rapidly put on her green Vans and grabbed her sweaty ten dollars and walked to the Super Save Mart As she walked on the dirty pavement she saw boys playing soccer, girls in mini skirts walking down the street, and teenage boys smoking cigars. As Isabella Marie passed all the activity going on.”  “Sheesh, what must be going on these days?” she asked herself. Isabella Marie went inside the Super Save Mart and went to the hair products aisle. Just as she was going to get the last strawberry scented shampoo a little baby boy knocked the bottle off the shelter. “Oh, great” she exclaimed. Isabella Marie walked a little further and grumpily and grabbed the blueberry-scented shampoo. Not my favorite, but okay she thought to herself. Isabella Marie went to pay the shampoo, just when there’s a blackout. Then a guy calmly walked in the store and said,”Keep calm everyone it was an accident it will be fixed in no time.” “Uhh, when will this end!” “Sorry kid.” said the hairy clerk. ”Yeah right”,Isabella Marie replied. So she left the Super Save Mart empty-handed So Isabella Marie slowly walked back home. “Why me, why couldn’t I just buy shampoo and be happy. What’s the problem with that huh”, she screamed. Then she heard a faint voice “Shampoo for sell, shampoo of all scents”. Isabella Marie started walking faster, and then the voice was louder and louder. Finally, she approached a girl who was short, had brown wavy long hair, and tan skin.  “How can I help you……….uuuhh…”                                                                                                              “Isabella Marie!!!”, she said loud and proud.  “Okay then Isabella Marie, how can I help you?”  “You can help me by selling me some shampoo.”,Isabella Marie appealed.   “Oh about that a fat lady came and bought everything.”the girl with the brown eyes anxiously said waiting for Isabella Marie’s response.  “Oh that’s just wonderful!!!”Isabella Marie sarcastically said.  “I’m so sorry,…I I I”the girl started to lament.  “No it’s okay” Isabella Marie lied. Then Isabella Marie left without another word. Isabella Marie walked back to the Super Save Mart to check if the blackout was over and surely it was.  “Yes!!!”she yelled delighted. She  went to the hair products aisle and grabbed the strawberry shampoo and ran to the check out stand. She paid three dollars and fifty scents. Isabella Marie was so happy that she forgot the shampoo in the Super Save Mart. By the time she realized and went back to the store the shampoo was nowhere to be seen. Isabella Marie got so mad about this she went directly to the manager. There with him she complained about her problem. “Sorry kid its not my problem”, he said cooly  “Oh yes it is your problem!!!”, she snapped.  “Go watch the videos the camera recorded””, she teased. Together they saw the video of her paying the blueberry scented  shampoo.  “Oooohhhh,I told you  “Fine go and get your shampoo and leave” he grumbled  ” Thank you”, she triumphantly said. So she left with some thing that smelled like strawberries  in her hand.  THE END!!!!!!!!!!!
Summer Solstice Happy Summer!  It's not bright and sunny here in my part of the world. We had several brief storms yesterday. Looks like rain again. It's not exactly hot either, with rain clouds overhead.  Today is the longest day. It's a great day to focus on things that fill you with light and happiness, or on areas where you want to shine. Plan for the future. Be grateful for what you have.  I doubt I will be able to do a ritual today. Most of today will be filled with the July show. I deliver my pieces today. I've also sold art and will receive payment this afternoon. Because the season has changed, I will do a life quarterly review. Now is the perfect time since my art crate is emptied of finished pieces.  Usually on the first day of summer, people begin to long for fall. This is a bit ridiculous. The hot days are coming whether you like it or not, so just enjoy. You remember how all winter long you wished for hot weather because you really wanted to go swimming? It's swimming weather now. Don't wish for cold days so you can wrap up in wool blankets. Go swimming, have a bonfire, drink a beer, catch fireflies, and make s'mores. Stock up on fireworks. Plan your 4th of July bar-b-que. Sit on the porch and read. Hang up wind chimes. Work in the garden. Go outside and live your beautiful life.
London Trip | 21st Birthday Weekend So, most of you will know by now that I celebrated my birthday this week (I’ve mentioned it quite a lot) and it was my 21st which is classed as a ‘special’ birthday. I don’t particularly like birthdays anymore, once I hit 18, every birthday after that just felt like another year of getting older. However, I decided to celebrate this year by going to London as it’s literally my favourite place, and I had probably the best birthday I’ve ever had (Thanks to my mum who organised it all!) I went with my sister Megan and my mum. We only went for a couple of days and one night, but I got to do everything I wanted to do, we shoved so much stuff into the two days, I’ve never done so much walking, my legs are killing me! I took hundreds of photos and it was really hard to narrow them down so this post is probably still going to be quite long, but they’re all in order so you can see what we did first and last. Camden Market & Oxford Street When we got there on Sunday afternoon, we headed straight for Camden market as it’s somewhere I’ve been wanting to go for a while and haven’t got around to. It was super busy but there was some really cute little shops and so many different places to get food! I was in heaven at the donut stall, and then because my sister is obsessed with pizza, she went and got this absolutely huge slice of it! I also saw this little shop that had hanging lights and teapots and I thought it was so cute.  We then headed to the hotel to check in, we stayed in Covent Garden, and me and my sister popped down to Oxford Street, so I could spend some of the money I got for my birthday, we went to Selfridges where she got her makeup done at the Nars counter and I got a few bits from Mac. I also got a couple of things from other shops including H&M and Accessorize, I’ll include them in my next post! Maxwells We went out to eat at Maxwells in Covent Garden, I haven’t got a picture but I had a BBQ chicken salad, it had avacado and strips of tortilla in, it was literally one of the nicest salads I’ve had! I also had a raspberrylicious cocktail (or two) and they were really yum. And then for dessert, I had a chocolate & pecan brownie and my mum had them stick a candle in it as a pre-birthday thing. V&A  On Monday morning (my birthday!) we got up really early so we could get to the Victoria & Albert Museum for the opening time. This is somewhere I’ve wanted to visit for a while, I mainly wanted to see the fashion part of it, but there were loads of other interesting areas in there that I enjoyed looking round too. The building itself is so beautiful, inside the interior is so detailed, I loved all of the marble and gold particularly! Westminster We then went on a really really long walk around Westminster, we started at Big Ben and walked all the way round past Tower Bridge, which is the bridge I’ve wanted to go and see for ages, every time I’ve been to London it’s been missed out because it’s so far away from where Big Ben and the London Eye and everything is. But finally, I got to see it in person! I actually really enjoyed the walk round, despite feeling like my legs were about to give way. It was quite cloudy whilst we were there but in the afternoon the sun came out and it was boiling hot, I could feel my back burning, but it was nice to finally get some heat! Browns Butlers Wharf My mum booked us in for a surprise afternoon tea at Browns Butlers Wharf as it was my birthday, near tower bridge next to the river, which I only found out about a couple of days before the trip. It was really nice, I got my own special chalkboard plate with “Happy 21st Birthday Gem!!” written on it, and a candle in one of the desserts. Everything was minature so there was loads of different little things to eat and we were all so full afterwards! The waiters were really polite too, even though it was a little awkward when one of them started singing happy birthday to me… but cute all the same! 😉 Harrods And last but not least, we had a couple of hours to kill before the train home at 7 so we headed for Harrods, even though everything is so expensive in there, its worth going just to look around and see how pretty it is in there. My favourite part is the chocolate department where all of the food is, it’s so cute in there! I also had my first macaroon on the way there from a patisserie, it tasted nothing like I thought it would but it was so so nice, definitely going to be having more of them! Well done if you reached the end of this post, I took far too many photos but I have no regrets 😉 Does anyone love London as much as I do?
Weight just a minute.... Why is it that if we are around skinny people, we feel fat and if we are around heavy people, we feel skinny? Isn't that the dumbest thing? We are no thinner or heavier no matter who we are with--yet we see ourselves differently. I just despise comparisons! What makes us think that we can look like some supermodel twig who probably eats 500 calories a day and works out for "fun"? I mean...get a life! I don't want to look back when I am 80 and be like, "Well, it took up most of my time, but at least I've been skinny all these years." Life is about SO much more than how much we weigh. And while I am saying this and it sounds all good and fine---the truth of the matter is--that we are all (mostly)affected by it. We either want to lose some or gain some (gain some---now that's just crazy!) Anyway, I don't know about you but I am tired of thinking everywhere I go that I don't look as cute as that girl or as thin as this girl or God forbid, worrying that my husband is checking some girl out. I am who I am---and there is a lot more to me than just my body! okay...goodnight! Happy eating....hee hee!
Home help The doctor told us that finally on Wednesday the 5th of September we could go home, after 17 long days in the horrid hospital. At the last minute I had to have CAT scans, X-rays, visits from the neurologist and ear doctor...always the last minute but at least we were going home. We could't go home to our house since I was bed ridden and immobile. We live up near the church so an ambulance cannot stop out the front. Getting to the house would be hard enough, requiring me being lifted up many stairs not to mention the narrow stairs going from our front door up into the house. So our house was out of the question. We moved into my in laws which have 12 wide stairs from the ground floor to the bedroom but oh what an effort it was for bel marito who had to help the 2 ambulance men. At least I got in. We had borrowed a special hospital bed from someone which has a special massage mattress to make sure my bed sores didn't come back. Oh, I didn't mention my episode in the hospital with horrific bed sores which were the fault of the nasty nursing staff. As I write I am still in that bed, still in that bedroom, still bedridden and waiting for my hospital check up on the 1st of October. Time goes so slowly when you are on your back and unable to move. At least I am with my family and bel bambino can get to know his little sister. Speaking of family I didn't mention that my twin sister, who is 6 months pregnant, and my aunt surprised me with a visit in hospital. My family were all distressed to learn about the accident and upset that they were on the other side of the world and unable to help. I didn't want them to come over and get angry and see the poor hospital care I was given. I had talked my parents out of visiting at the hospital and into travelling here when I was at home. My twin and aunt regardless came for a surprise visit travelling for 30 hours arriving the Friday night and leaving the Monday morning. When they arrived I explained to the nasty nurses the situation, I told them they had flown from Australia to see me and that they were only here for 3 days. Thankfully most of the nasty nurses didn't work the weekends and it was the 3 kinder nurses on duty who turned a blind eye when visiting hours were over, or came to warn us when we had to hide them in our room. They were here the weekend when bel bambino was transferred into my room too which was lucky. My parents arrived a few days after we returned home and were a big help since home help is impossible. During my 17 days in hospital we found out as much information as possible about home help. The hospital cannot send you home with nuts and bolts and wounds without having someone check up on you! We were advised to get my GP to put in a request to the public health centre asking for a nurse. We had to wait until I was released from the hospital before this could be requested because they need a certificate from the hospital and the hospital will not give it to you until you go home. We were very frustrated! We needed to organise a nurse but had to wait until I was home. I went home on the Wednesday and first thing Thursday morning my mother in law went to the health centre with all the paper work. They knew the situation, everyone in the area had heard about the accident since it was in all the papers. They said they would send a doctor out to asses the situation and see what help was required.  I forgot that this is Italy and that money is always being taken out of the public health system and that staff are generally very lazy. Thursday passed without a phone call or visit as did Friday. Finally Monday afternoon we were graced with the presence of the doctor and nurse who looked at me (didn't treat my wounds or anything) and said that I needed help but to be honest there were no nurses available... At least they were honest. They are meant to provide a nurse but there were none! I had a catheter still since the nasty nurses and hospital doctors would not remove it even though the gynaecologist had requested it. Another thing I didn't tell you...yes I had a gynaecologist come down to my hospital room to check my C-section (after I requested 4 times for a visit) and he told the doctor directly to remove the catheter, and the doctor promptly ignored him even though I reminded them every day. It is time consuming to help someone remove a catheter since you need to do a little therapy before and the nurses couldn't waste their time helping me with this! So I left the hospital with a catheter and with no idea when or how it was meant to come out. Now I was told that I would have possibly no nurse either. Excuse me but who is meant to treat my wounds, help me remove the catheter help turn me or check me.... Who? My family of course. The catheter is the only reason that finally, on Thursday, 8 days after being home a nurse finally came. He agreed that my catheter should have been removed long ago, he explained how to do the therapy, he treated my wounds and then left the rest to bel marito who is my personal nurse. You learn how to become a nurse here. Each night bel marito gives me injections, each day he cleans me, every 2 days he and who ever can help change my sheets which is hard when I don't move! When friends visit they helped with my catheter therapy since everyone knows how to do medical things here since everyone is forced to learn when helping  relatives out! We had tried to get a private nurse but she only called back today....and we have been home a long time. My GP has visited me twice which is nice of her. She came yesterday and said my wounds need to be treated twice a day, not once a week which is when the nurse is currently coming. Another task for my private nurse bel marito!
wieght-loss tips Hi again, With summer here in full it is a great time to get out and enjoy the outdoors. However, for some it can be a time of embarrassment. Who want to wear shorts or summer tops when you are embarrassed about your size. Well this is a great time to start looking at your diet and get back to eating wholefoods again. With so many fresh fruit and vegetables available at this time of year, why eat ready made or packaged food. I love to bbq my vegetables and a good tip is use melon chunks as well as vegetables on the skewer, as this give a great variation. Do not get bored with eating the same foods experiment and enjoy the different flavours of the food. Use scant amounts of sauces or dips, enjoy the real flavour of whole foods. If you do not bbq then steaming vegetables will bring out their flavours even more. To make lemon-aid or even ice tea start from scratch. Lemon-aid take the lemons and cut in chunks squeeze out the juice but put the lemon skins in a pot with a small amount of water and heat. Heating the water will infuse the flavour more. Then add all this to the rest of the lemon and add water to make the right amount. If you need to sweeten slightly add honey rather than sugar. Ice tea make a strong pot of tea, let cool, pour into jug and add mint, orange slices, strawberries or any other fruit you wish. Top up with water, taste if need more flavouring add some lemon or orange juice to it. Much more refreshing than a soda. I mentioned before that a great program I found www.mnb-weightlossprogram.com helped me to understand the different types of foods and what combinations and portions sizes worked best to combat my weight and I am sure it will help you too. Since getting back to wholefoods I have to say that I feel better and have more energy and I am not having such a hard time controlling my weight. I hope this is encouraging for you. Until next time M
TOP TIPS TO PREVENT ANCE  Hey guys, I don't have bad acne but I do however get it on my chin, forehead and sometimes on my cheeks. the things that helped me clear mine was... 1: Washing my face daily, I know that sound basic but some people miss out on this especially mornings and younger girls who don;t realise how much it helps, I use a facial scrub every night and morning.  2: DRINK LOTS OF WATER!! Trust me on this one what you drink and eat will show in your hair,nails and skin. Want your hair to grow longer? drink water. Want your nails to grow? drink water. Want perfect skin? drink water. 3: Wash make brushes daily, Always wash your foudation brushes and beauty blenders everyday so your not spreading bacteria around your face the next day. 4: Change your pillow cases, Changing your pillow cases every second day to a week so your not sleeping in dust and bacteria. 5: Don't trust all spot treatments, Not all spot treatments work on everyone, ive had some that made my acne worse so don't trust the label. 6: DON'T STRESS, you will break out, trust me here peeps. 7: Don't pick: Picking your spots will cause them to basically get angry as hell an spread. 8: Wash your hands: I know its some basic shit but wash your hands as often as possible and also avoid touching your face a lot throughout the day as bacteria will go from your hands to face.
Breaking Barriers: My Biggest Weight Loss Mistake  It’s time for us to get serious about breaking barriers that stand between you and the life you want. It’s time to tear down the walls, the hurdles, the perceived traps that keep you from being the person you want to be – from living the life you want to live.  If you’d rather listen to this blog than read it, please click play. Otherwise, keep on reading below.  I’d love to start by sharing one of the biggest mistakes I’ve made. Most of you know that I struggled with my weight for nearly all my life. From the day I was born until just a few years ago, my weight was a constant source of frustration, worry & shame.   Though I was getting heavier and heavier, I was obsessed with weight loss. I read every diet book. I saw nutritionists, joined Weight Watchers, had a personal trainer – and this was all before high school.  Regardless, my weight climbed. The pattern continued in high school, through college and after.  It seemed like every week was another diet. Another plan. 21-day this. 30-day that.  While the strategies were different, a few things remained the same: my pattern of doubting myself, a habit of breaking promises I made. A routine of saying, “I’ll start tomorrow” or “This one thing won’t hurt“.  This pattern wasn’t just showing up in my weight struggles. It was also showing up in my finances.  Month after month, I’d setup a new budget or get excited about a new plan to save money or spend less or earn more. Week after week, I’d make exceptions and excuses.  There effort was there. The results, however, were not.   I wrote in Chasing Cupcakes that it felt like 1,000 beginnings with no end in sight.  So what was the big mistake? Interestingly, my own decades of struggle weren’t enough to show me this pattern because, unfortunately, it’s harder to see patterns in our own lives than to identify them in the lives of others. That’s why I value having coaches. That’s why my clients are able to create such massive breakthroughs – because I can see these plain-as-day patterns when they aren’t able to.  The mistake is that I thought creating change was about the plan. The program. The protocol. I spent tens of thousands of dollars trying to find “the right one”.  That’s not what we need in order to change.  We have to break down the barriers. Our work isn’t related to the plan or the program. Our work is about identifying and removing what is in the way.  See, there is more than 1 way to lose weight. There is more than 1 way to create wealth. There is more than 1 way to do absolutely everything. And NONE of them will work if you keep bumping in to the same barriers.  On the flip side, most of them will work after you remove the barriers.  So, that’s what I do with my clients in the 12 Weeks to Transformation. We break down the barriers. We remove them. And as we do that, we remove the struggle. We diminish and ultimately eliminate the resistance.  Please, stop thinking that your answer is in the next diet. That success is a matter of keto versus vegan. That’s simply untrue. Let’s change the game and upgrade the strategy and finally achieve the goals you’ve been working for for so long!  Breaking Barriers – Resources Within the 12 Weeks to Transformation, that’s my sole objective. With daily coaching audios, weekly challenges, a guided Identity Journal and live coaching webinars twice each week, I am in the trenches with you, tearing down these walls and helping you pave the way to a life you love. Our Summer 12 Weeks to Transformation kicks off on Sunday July 7th and registration opens next week. Make sure you’re on the wait list for free coaching between now and then.
Messed upp. I still got so many unsaid things that I wanna say, that I need to say.. And I just feel like I have to spill the beans, but actually I can't.. I wish you knew soooo many things.. You know you love me, xoxo 
Samuel and the Aftermath  It was Nana who rounded all the children up, and took them to the deck.  The whole flock of three-year olds plopped down and waited with serious eyes.  Soon they would be whisked away to be cleaned up and taken home for their naps.  The pitchers of Sangria had been drained dry, causing some of the mothers to stagger as they wiped down the cake mess.  Nana put on some coffee and started force-feeding the women with extra caffeine.  Samuel sat off to the side with his crew.  To look at them, no one would know that this was all their doing.  That all the destruction, the soiled and busted bouncing castle, and the run-away pony—all was accomplished with those four children.  Samuel felt an inner glow that always came after a successful venture, the sense that all was well with the world. Such a great day, the best birthday yet!  Everything, all of it!  Man.  I wish we could do it all over.  Then Nana took him by the hand and led him to his bedroom.  They sat down on his ‘big boy’ bed, and Nana looked Samuel straight in the eyes.  She held his eyes with her own until Samuel felt the glow shrivel, the pride shut down.  “Samuel.  Did you even think about what would happen to the pony?  To the young man who loves him?  Did you wonder about that boy Jason who had to go into the ‘castle’ to save all your little friends?  What if he had not done that?”  Samuel’s eyes grew big and he blinked big earnest tears.  I..no, well…I didn’t know…  Nana’s words hit him harder than any hand could.  “Think about those two young men, what they have to do now.”  Nana stood up and took off Samuel’s shoes, getting ready for a nap. She led him to the toilet where he could pee.  After all, Samuel had not been in the castle.  Later, his bed was a silent sepulcher for Samuel: stone cold and devoid of any happy thought at all. What will I do now?  Now that I know about other people, and actually care?  What can I do?  To read about Samuel's third birthday, go to this link: Uncle Marvin tells what he saw   What do you think Samuel will do now?  How will he deal with this conflict of conscience and talent for destruction?  After all, the very essence of Samuel is at stake!
Day 54 - Remembrance Sunday  Remembrance Sunday observance at the Cenotaph Remembrance Day (also known as Poppy Day or Armistice Day) is a memorial day observed in Commonwealth countries since the end of World War I to remember the members of their armed forces who have died in the line of duty. This day, or alternative dates, are also recognized as special days for war remembrances in many non-Commonwealth countries. Remembrance Day is observed on 11 November to recall the end of hostilities of World War I on that date in 1918. Hostilities formally ended "at the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month," in accordance with the Armistice, signed by representatives of Germany and the Entente between 5:12 and 5:20 that morning. ("At the 11th hour" refers to the passing of the 11th hour, or 11:00 am) World War I officially ended with the signing of the Treaty of Versailles on 28 June 1919.  The day was specifically dedicated by King George V on 7 November 1919 as a day of remembrance for members of the armed forces who were killed during World War I. This was possibly done upon the suggestion of Edward George Honey to Wellesley Tudor Pole, who established two ceremonial periods of remembrance based on events in 1917.  The Queen at the Centotaph The Initial or Very First Armistice Day was held at Buckingham Palace commencing with King George V (The Queen's Grandfather) hosting a "Banquet in Honour of The President of the French Republic" during the evening hours of November 10, 1919. The First Official Armistice Day was subsequently held on the Grounds of Buckingham Palace on the Morning of November 11, 1919. This would set the trend for a day of Remembrance for decades to come.  The red remembrance poppy has become a familiar emblem of Remembrance Day due to the poem "In Flanders Fields". These poppies bloomed across some of the worst battlefields of Flanders in World War I, their brilliant red color an appropriate symbol for the blood spilled in the war.  Flanders Poppy field In the United Kingdom, although two minutes of silence are observed on 11 November itself, the main observance is on the second Sunday of November, Remembrance Sunday. Ceremonies are held at local war memorials, usually organised by local branches of the Royal British Legion, an association for ex-servicemen. Typically, poppy wreaths are laid by representatives of the Crown, the armed forces, and local civic leaders, as well as by local organisations including ex-servicemen organisations, cadet forces, the Scouts, Guides, Boys' Brigade, St John Ambulance and the Salvation Army. A minute's or two minutes' silence is also frequently incorporated into church services. Further wreath-laying ceremonies are observed at most war memorials across the UK at 11 am on 11 November, led by the Royal British Legion.  Veterans attending the Remembrance Sunday observation The beginning and end of the two minutes' silence is often marked in large towns and cities by the firing of ceremonial cannon and many employers and businesses invite their staff and customers to observe the two minutes' silence at 11:00 am.  The Queen laying a wreath at the Cenotaph The main national commemoration is held at Whitehall, in Central London, for dignitaries, the public, and ceremonial detachments from the armed forces and civilian uniformed services such as the Merchant Navy and Her Majesty's Coastguard. Members of the British Royal Family walk through the Foreign and Commonwealth Office towards the Cenotaph, assembling to the right of the monument to wait for Big Ben to strike 11:00 am, and for the King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery at Horse Guards Parade, to fire the cannon marking the commencement of the two minutes of silence.  Following this, "Last Post" is sounded by the buglers of the Royal Marines. "The Rouse" is then sounded by the trumpeters of the Royal Air Force, after which wreaths are laid by the Queen and senior members of the Royal Family attending in military uniform and then, to "Beethoven's Funeral March" (composed by Johann Heinrich Walch), by attendees in the following order: the Prime Minister; the leaders of the major political parties from all parts of the United Kingdom; Commonwealth High Commissioners to London, on behalf of their respective nations; the Foreign Secretary, on behalf of the British Dependencies; the First Sea Lord; the Chief of the General Staff; the Chief of the Air Staff; representatives of the merchant navy and Fishing Fleets and the merchant air service. Other members of the Royal Family usually watch the service from the balcony of the Foreign Office. The service is generally conducted by the Bishop of London, with a choir from the Chapels Royal, in the presence of representatives of all major faiths in the United Kingdom. Before the marching commences, the members of the Royal Family and public sing the national anthem before the Royal Delegation lead out after the main service.  UK Leaders waiting to place their wreaths Paying tribute to service personnel who died in conflict, the Queen stood as a two-minute silence was observed.  The beginning and end of the silence was marked with the firing of a round by the King's Troop Royal Horse Artillery, using a 13-pounder World War One gun.  The monarch then laid her wreath at the foot of the monument, the focal point of the UK's Remembrance Sunday events since World War One, bowing her head after paying her respects. On a sunny but crisp autumn day, the Duke of Edinburgh, the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry laid wreaths. Prime Minister David Cameron was next to pay his respects, followed by Labour leader Ed Miliband and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg.  Former prime ministers Sir John Major, Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, along with London Mayor Boris Johnson, also took part in the ceremony, as did military and emergency service chiefs and representatives from Commonwealth countries.  More than 10,000 military veterans and civilian representatives marched past the monument. Services also took place at memorials across the UK, in Commonwealth countries and at bases abroad.  Wreaths of Poppies laid at the Cenotaph To view a video of the ceremony, please visit http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-24887778  We spent a quiet day at the flat, having heard that the pavements were lined 10-deep on Whitehall long before the start of the Remembrance Sunday ceremony. When the street was officially declared "at capacity" by the police, with 10,000 people lined up waiting to march past the Cenotaph once the Queen and the politicians had laid their wreaths, crowds were still piling into Parliament and Trafalgar squares to be present when the deep boom of a first world war field gun launched the eerie silence at the heart of the capital.  It is a somber day for reflection around the world for those who gave up their lives for their countries.  I hope you and your loved ones are all safe....
Winners of the Brisbane Fitness Show competition! Congratulations to the winners of the 2017 @ausfitnessshow @cocogirlbutter competition! Stacie.W Bettina.Mc Michelle.G You have each been drawn out of a (literal) pink @m_b_active hat and each won a free double pass to the 2017 Fitness Show! Check your email inboxes for all of the details, and thank you to all of those who entered; I sincerely wish I could have picked out more than 3 names. Even if you haven't won, I highly recommend the show to anyone who can get along; it'a such an inspiring weekend. 🏋🏼🤳🏼🥘🌿📝🏃🏼 Have a look at www.fitness-show.com.au for more details and to get information on features, timetables and celebrities. (Check out the line up - eeek!❤️😄🤳🏼) Congratulations girls and thanks to everyone who entered xo
Ramblings of a Gamer: Drakengard Hey folks!  Today I'm hopping into the game time machine! (cue flashy lights and eerie noises)  I dove into gaming late. My brother played everything, but nothing really caught my attention until some high school friends of mine shoved Final Fantasy VII into my hands, and then I was hooked. So, for the longest, FF games were my go-to, and from there it was Square and later, Square-Enix.  DRAKENGARD was one of the first non-FF games I played. I was drawn to the gorgeous artwork and movie clips and it had dragons! And it was by Square-Enix, so I felt confident that I would love it.  And I did love it, but it was so very different from the worlds I was used to.  The game was an action-RPG, where I was used to turn-based RPGs, but I caught on quick enough. I honestly loved the weapon wheel and the ability to change weapons on the fly. My favorite weapons were the pole-arms, and that running dash that sent my enemies flying was the best. With the help of free expeditions, my body count was probably somewhere in the tens of thousands. (I liked clearing ALL the enemies from the stage, not just the targets.) Flying battles were meh, but manageable, and the few allies you could switch with came in handy from time to time.  The story was bleak. In FF's darkest moments, there was always a hint of hope, but with DRAKENGARD? Nope. Each ending grew darker and more twisted as I progressed, and I couldn't help but follow the plot down the rabbit hole. Even the histories for the weapons consisted of curses or tragic tales. This was not a happy place, y'all. But I still wanted to know more, and with each ending, a new path unlocked, and more information would be revealed about how the world worked and why the seals and the goddess were so important.  I loved and hated the multipath storyline. There was a lot of replay--for one ending, you had to collect every available weapon, so if you missed a box or didn't beat a certain level in a certain amount of time, you had to go back. Usually, there would be just enough difference to the story to keep it from being too redundant. And then, to get the very last ending, all the hack-and-slash and buttons combos go out the window to be replaced by the second-most frustrating puzzle I've ever seen in my life. A rhythm puzzle, you had three buttons that worked: the one to unleash a black ring, one to unleash a white ring, and pause. I don't know how many times I had to replay that thing before I finished the pattern--only to get yet another unhappy ending. Of course, by then, I expected it.  Some of the voice-acting in DRAKENGARD was cringe-worthy. When the main character, Caim, makes his pact with Angelus the dragon, he has to give up his voice, and to be honest, I was happy because his lines up to that point were pretty weak. I much preferred his silent glares.  It was interesting to play a game where no one was really good. Everyone had their vices and demons, and some characters were just horrible, and yet they somehow come together to fight against the monstrous future awaiting them. It was messy and definitely not uplifting, and it was the best contrast to the FF games I loved so much.
I'm Back & It's On!!  So I got home from Alaska last Wednesday. I've been really tired but I'm trying not to let that get to me. I find myself needing an afternoon nap. I'm fine today though. Yay!  Anyway, I got back to being active on Friday. I went skating. Yes, skating. While I was not blogging or running, I started skating on Dec 1, 2010. It's been an off and on thing so I'm not exactly a pro. I'm pretty decent but don't ask me to skate backwards. I'm still working on that. Come Saturday, my inner thighs were feeling it.  Starting this week, I made my way over to the Y for the classes I signed up for. I did yoga on Monday. The instructor figured that I did Dolphin pose pushups too easily. She thought I could handle more. I said, "Oh, you think?" She had me move my feet in. I thought she was trying to kill me. That's when the trembling and sweating started. My arms and shoulders were definitely sore after that. And after that, guess what I did? I ran. Yes, I RAN! I moseyed over to the indoor track, put on Robert Ullrey's Couch to 5k podcast for Week 1 and went to work. I found the 60sec running intervals too short. I ended up running before I was supposed to and not wanting to stop when it was time. I sped up some and started to feel like my old self. At the very end of the run I sprinted. That's something I did with most of my runs. If I have enough juice in the tank to sprint at the end, I know that my pacing is okay.  On Tuesday, I went to my first chisel class in ages. I hated the class way back when and still hate it now. I have a different instructor. She thought of new ways to torture us. Men were in this class too and even they were struggling, so I didn't feel bad. But yeah, I hate it. I was doing some arm exercises that burned my muscles so bad that my neck felt like it was on fire. It felt like someone slathered lye on my neck and let it burn. And at some point during the class, I felt nauseous. That was weird because I ate HOURS before. Anyway, we worked all the major muscle groups from top to bottom and I was hurting bad. But you know what? I ran after. Why? Because I knew it would hurt even worse today.  Okay, so I fast forwarded to Week 3 of Couch to 5k. I'm sure I would have been fine if I didn't set my muscles on fire just minutes before. But when I started running, I felt it in every step all in my glutes and hamstrings. Being that my butt is the biggest muscle on my body, my run wasn't too enjoyable. I started to feel it in my calves too. That didn't happen during the first run. Maybe because the intervals were shorter. Or maybe I was trying to land more lightly on the balls of my feet so that nothing else would hurt. That makes my calves work more since I'm still doing the minimalist/barefoot running thing. I don't plan to ever run in regular sneakers ever again. So I'm sure my running experience this time will be totally different from the first time. Maybe it means I'll burn more calories too.  So today is Wednesday and I have a water exercise class on the menu. I hope that doesn't kill my already dead muscles. I have chisel class tomorrow but I think I'll try to swap that out for some laps in the pool instead. I can't deal with that torture twice a week. No way.  7/6 - Bounce, Rock, Skate, Roll (2:15 - once I'm on skates, it's hard to get me off.)  7/9 - Yoga (35min - I got there late) C25k - Week 1 Warm up/Cool down walk (10min) Run/Walk (20min)  7/10 - Chisel Class (50min) C25k - Week 3 Warm up/Cool down walk (12min) Run/Walk (18min)
Fights With Friends  Getting into a fight with your friends is never fun. It can really suck if they are one of your best friends, and you just really don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t want to deal with the drama. And then you talk behind each others backs, which never ends good. And each of you is saying that its the other persons fault. What I would suggest is that you give each other some space and when you are ready to talk to that person you bring it up to them, because if they are a true friend they won׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t want to fight with you. Tell them what they did that bothered you, or ask them what you did that bothered them or talk about it both. It really depends on how the fight started, and who caused it. But in the end there needs to be a I׳’ג‚¬ג„¢m sorry. Some fights with your friends can be really bad. And that friend could be treating you badly all the time with out you even realizing it, and since they are your best friend you don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t want to lose that friendship. You have to think about if you really want that friend to keep treating you that way. I know I don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t do that anymore. That׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s why i decided to cut those bad friends out of my life because I didn׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t need them treating me badly and you don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t need that either. You just have to make sure of what you want and need in your life.
My ongoing weight loss journey… My main goal for this blog has always been to help me lose weight. My struggle with weight loss and loving my body has been going on since high school. Growing up I was always chubby; sometimes more, sometimes less – but always a little overweight at least. So I have always seen myself as fat.  After graduating from high school I really wanted to lose weight so I started walking on my grandma’s treadmill a couple of days a week. I also used to drink Slim Fast shakes for breakfast since I got my first job at Starbucks and often had to be there at 4:15am! Between starting my first job, being crazy with my BFF (remember Cindy!) and starting college I was just enjoying my life.  I lost a couple of pounds and felt a little better about my body.  I never really weighed myself that often. I just knew I had lost weight by how my clothes were fitting. Suddenly the new clothes I was buying were a size or two smaller than before. I didn’t think I was fat anymore! I didn’t hate my body as much. This was huge! I knew I still had weight to lose and I was still a little chubby, but I was glad that I wasn’t a fat girl anymore. I thought what I was doing was working, and I knew I couldn’t stop.  During all this time I was walking or running on a regular basis. I eventually bought my own treadmill and walked or ran about 5 days a week. Exercise was never the problem for me. Even though I had lost some weight I was still not happy with my body. I started weighing myself. I started dieting more.  I tried every diet out there, Slim Fast, Weight Watchers (multiple times), Jenny Craig, Adkins, Cabbage Soup, random diets from magazines and so many others I can’t even remember.  I don’t know how it happened, but I became obsessed with dieting, losing weight and my body. All of the diets led me to a path where I was restricting and bingeing. I was running 6 miles in the morning and eating 1,200 calories a day. I was starving. I would often binge when I was home alone and then feel like crap. I would also make myself run more after a binge to prevent myself from gaining weight. No one around me realized I had a problem. I was healthy because I was exercising and eating enough (even if it was in binges), but psychologically I was a mess. I wasn’t really losing any weight because of the binges, but I was always in either starving myself or overeating – nothing in between. This affected every aspect of my life. I never went out to parties, I didn’t want to go anywhere would people would look at me and think I was fat. I never drank because I didn’t want to waste calories with alcohol. It was bad.  I went to Europe with my BF of the time and brought along a bunch of protein bars so I wouldn’t have to eat the fattening food there. I almost didn’t want to even go because I hated that I would miss running for 2 ½ weeks. I was terrified of gaining weight. (Actually, the day after I came back is the day I joined Jenny Craig.)  I weighed 150 pounds on the trip. I know because I weighed myself before I left and as soon as I got back.  Somehow I realized I was obsessed with this and had an unhealthy mindset so I took myself to therapy. I also started seeing a dietician. Both of these wonderful ladies really helped me start looking at my body and food in a healthier way.  But, the problem is not gone. Since then I have really struggled with eating when I am hungry and not for other emotional reasons. I am struggling with letting my body tell me what it needs and going off the deep end and eating everything in sight. (I am considering going back to therapy.)  I have gained 10 pounds in the last year or so because I can’t figure out a balance. Luckily, since my first love is running, I have not gained more!  When I look back on the pictures of myself in Europe I don’t see a fat girl. At 5’6, 150 pounds isn’t that bad on my build. I actually think I look good – booty and all. I know a lot of you out there think that is tragic. Most girls at this height want to be around 130 or something. Well, I am not built small, my lowest weight at this height was 145 (and that was after high school, not during!). And I like how I’m shaped. I like having a booty (besides, since I have small boobs, it’s all I have). My goal weight is between 145 and 147 (to give me some cushion). I think I can get to that weight and maintain it without having to be obsessive or starve myself.  Looking back on my journey up to this point I see what I have to work on to get to my goal weight. I also see where I went wrong…  I can’t indulge every chance I get because it is a “special occasion” – those happen more than I realize. Eating with the BF doesn’t mean I need to eat like the BF – I must eat girl sized amounts. I must stop random snacking and eating after dinner. I must listen to my body and only eat when I am hungry. I must eat when I am hungry – something healthy and filling. I must keep running, because it makes me feel good and is good for me. Food is not love or comfort or a stress relief. When I need an outlet for my feelings I should take a walk, call a friend or blog J Dessert doesn’t have to be an everyday thing. Treat yourself selectively.  I want to make healthy life changes for myself because I don’t want to be in this same situation a year from now, or again 5 years from now. I am a very healthy person. Heck, I’m freakin’ training for a marathon! I love running. I naturally crave healthy foods most of the time. I have a great foundation built for myself. I need to love my body (even right now, with the extra pounds on it). I need to stay positive and treat my body with love and respect. I am very lucky that I already have so many things working in my favor. If I can make some small but, key lifestyle changes everything will fall into place. It is going to take some effort to change some of the bad habits I have, but I can do it. Seriously, if I can run 17 miles I should be able to do this!
The Light  I died once. 5 years ago. There was no reason. It just happened. My heart stopped beating. I am only alive today because someone, one man, refused to give up on me. Like I had a purpose. I was given a second chance. But why? Why me? What amazing things could I do in this broken world? Me. Out of all the people who die everyday. Me. I was chosen. I was given another chance at life. Like great things are expected of me. But what?  They say everything happens for a reason. But that's not true. Some things just happen. No reason. It's simply God's will.  I will always wonder why I was given a second chance. I'm human! We, as humans, question everything. It's in our nature.  The light. That's a purpose. I headed straight for it. I was excited. All my pain was about to end. A great new beginning was ahead. Then, suddenly, a surge of pain hit my chest! The light became brighter. Almost blinding! A man lingered above me. He looked tired. Concerned. Scared. But, yet, oddly determined. Who was this man? He was in no way familiar! It took what seemed like hours (but were a mere few seconds) to realise what was going on. I was in an ambulance. The siren was deafening. The lights were blinding. This man suddenly looked relieved! Then I realised, he was a paramedic. He said "welcome back! Stay with me now!" He had saved my life 3 times from the moment I collapsed. He told me not to panic. That everything will be okay. I trusted him. He seemed trustworthy. There was something rather soothing about his voice. I felt safe. I did as I was told. Then everything went black.  I awoke in the hospital only a mere few minutes later. I felt tired. Exhausted even. My chest felt like I had been crushed beneath a fallen building. People were rushing all around me. I had a nurse next to me checking my blood pressure. A friend sat at my other side. He looked so scared. What had happened?  I asked the nurse. She was lovely. She had a very kind and gentle voice. She told me that I was a fighter. She said I was lucky to be alive. She told me "well done for hanging on"! I had stopped breathing. From there my heart stopped beating. The paramedic got it going again 3 times.  3 times.  3 times that man saved my life! I was so grateful, yet oddly confused. Why was I saved? Why was I given that second chance at life! A fighter? Me? I didn't see it. 19 years old. Fighting fit. And I died 3 times. MentaI! I recovered. Went on to train horses. Broke many bones - including my back. I actually got crushed by this marvelous beast and still walked away. The nurse was right. I was a fighter. After my near death experience, nothing ever got the better of me again. I realised that anything is possible! We all hold the key to our own destiny. We choose the paths in our lives. Sometimes, we get a little lost along the way. Sometimes, we need someone to help point is in the right direction.  1 man helped me choose mine. He showed me anything and anyone can be worth fighting for. He faught for me. A complete stranger. He fought to keep me alive! Now 5 years on, I can't help but think, "was it all worth it?" "Should he have spent his energy on another?"  Sometimes I find myself wishing he hadn't fought so hard to keep me alive. I feel as though his efforts are being wasted. I will forever be in his debt and utterly grateful that, because of this man, my parents didn't have to bury their daughter.  Everything happens for a reason... So why me? Do I think I will ever find the answer I am searching for? No. Some things just are. Not everything has a reason behind it. We just have to learn to accept what is and live our lives to the best of our abilities... I like to think, one day, I will do amazing things to aid this broken world. One day. Just not today...
I am intimate with the bones of my feet After Charles Simic I am intimate with the bones of my feet who gossip like grandmothers, showing off their furs, their perfume of decaying flesh. Seeking a way in, ghosts creep beneath the soles, whisper which direction I should take towards the yellow door of home. Not another word of advice. I can only heed these bones; they tell me all I need to know ג€“ a scripture of everything ג€“ including all our futures. They have nothing to do with God. We will live at the heart of a house made from twigs. Like a zen monk welcomes  each drop of rain, we will let them in ג€“  all the shadow selves. They won't need to say a word. Today's poem comes from an exercise I learned from the poet and songwriter, Barbara Marsh. Write a line in response to each line from an existing poem, either your own or someone else's. When you are done, save only your response lines and use these as the basis for a new poem. The poem I chose is My Shoes, by one of my favourite poets, Charles Simic.
A progressive shutdown, with hope. This is a reflection of the past 13 weeks of DMC and I suppose I'm required to re-enact my understandings of trust and social media, and realise that I am one half of this technological generational gap that arose in conversation much too often. The truth of this angle is that indeed I have been living all that I express, often not so much on time yet always finding new truth in construction of the what this subject has taught me and what it requested I reflect upon by preparing a weekly blog. I maintain it has been a long running, on-way communication structure, however, it has proven to be one of the most enlightening conversation topic this year. I finally feel as though it is no longer our cohort of fellow media students that are battling the strain of constructivism, privacy, truth and new media. I have found ways to express what I have here to a much broader society, to population I can teach but telling them what I have just learnt. I have found too often that people are open and receptive to this information. The blogs for me - no matter how daunting the initial process of actually typing one was - became very much ritual and flowing after the first line. Remembering a significant aspect of the time focussed on I was able to pull out personal examples and traits I had accidently discovered along the way of the semester. There were moments of feeling the pressure by fellow students who appeared to have high blogging experience, but there were also those who were very technical with their description. I believe that at the point you over come this threat you are able to produce information that is much friendlier to yourself and your readers. I dare say it all ends here, that the system closes down, but I have a rather pleasant notion that the start of my blogging life has just begun. The structure of these blogs has allowed for flexibility within a given topic. These specifics allow for a much more in depth insight into a world of something I would have never chosen to begin with. So I think I will head back to a media topic; before this shuts down, I may just offer a re-boot of the system to see how it goes.
L-C-S Workout L-C-S Workout (legs, core, shoulders)  3 - 5 rounds of 5 different exercises done in form of HIIT training.  30 secs max effort and 10 secs rest in between each exercise  Set your timer to : 15x10/30 (for 3 rounds)  Or  25x10/30 (for 5 rounds)  Each round consists of:  1) Raised monkey press ups  2) Long arm crunch with added weight  ( I am using 5 kg plate in this workout. If you are a complete beginner, you can skip the plate and just try to touch your ankles instead) 3) Kick ups 4)Swiss ball knee pikes 5) Bosu mountain climbers  Again , remember that the correct form is more important that speed. Keep your core tights at all times .  Start where you are, believe you can do it and just do what you can.  It's not about perfection ,it's about progression Step by step ...you got this 💪  Disclaimer:  Don't attempt to perform any form of HIIT training if you suffer from heart conditions or any other serious health conditions . Alternatively, consult it with your doctor before hand.  Enjoy your workout and have a woonderful day 😁🌞🌍  Angg Woo Wellness Coach  ( Fitness, Mindset, Nutrition )  Any questions regards coaching ? Get in touch , it's easier to do it together 💪 📧 anggwoo82@gmail.com
Starting to see things I hated.... It’s so funny that as I’ve lost weight, I’ve started seeing features that I used to hate about myself. Several months ago I noticed that I’ve lost enough weight in my face that I feel like my nose looks too big again 🤦🏻‍♀️ When my face was bigger and really round, I focused on that and not my nose. Now that my face has slimmed down, I think the proportions are off again and my nose is too big.  Just a few days ago, I notice that my stomach is finally starting to go in a little bit below my ribs. This means that I can again focus on my rib cage being too wide.  While I joke about it, it is nice to see a return to my body that I remember having 15 years ago. It’s also a HUGE reminder that I need to continually work on my attitude and self-thoughts.
Passports for babies...in Cosenza Last week we went to get bella bambina her Italian passport. She isn't Australian yet so needs to have an Italian passport to enter Australia (which reminds me I must get her an Australian tourist visa...) This should be rather straight forward but we all know that nothing runs smoothly here. Italy is a country which embraces change but doesn't like to advise you of these changes.  Bel marito went to the questura to get a passport application the week before but obviously they had run out and obviously they couldn't print one off the internet (their applications are always photocopies so it's easy enough to do.) He diligently went home, printed a form and completed it, payed the fees and off we went with baby in tow to get her passport sorted. "We need her residency identity card," the female police officer said - she wanted bella bambina's carta d'identita. "Umm, why?" we asked. "We got our son a passport last December and we didn't need his residency card. Furthermore I got my Italian passport without being a resident. You don't need to be a resident to be a citizen."  "The law has changed since then. We need her i.d card."  Bel marito was getting annoyed and said "I printed the application off the internet and there was nothing written anywhere on your website saying we need her i.d card!" "Ah, really? It seems the website has not been updated." Luckily we just so happened to be in the process of getting bella bambina an i.d card. Not that she needed one, no one else gets i.d cards for their children, but we thought that since bel bambino had one it would be a nice keep sake for her. Huffing and puffing we went back home. How can they change the law and not even write this on the internet? 2 days later we went back to the police station with documents in hand. "I need a photo copy of your i.d cards." the male police officer said. "Oh, I didn't realise you needed a copy, where can we get one?" bel marito asked, thinking they would just photo copy them there and charge us if needs be. "There is a photo copy place 100 metres down the road."  Annoyed bel marito went off. We were already angry that we had to waste another morning in Cosenza which was no fault of ours. We had bel bambino and bella bambina in tow and me on crutches is no help at all. While bel marito was off with bel bambino getting copies I completed the paper work. "Do you want us to include permission that either you or your husband can travel alone with the baby?" "Yes that would be great. I don't mind if he travels without me and vice versa." "Ok sign here and when your husband gets back I'll get him to sign too." This week we went to pick up the passport and of course there was something wrong. Bel marito and I had a look at the passport in the car and it only had his name printed in the section of authorised people to travel with the baby. "Maybe the mother is automatically included to travel with the child and the father needs just his name written," guessed bel marito. "But I have a different surname to you 3 so if anyones name needs to be printed it's the mothers not the fathers."I said (Italian women don't change their name after marriage. I never had intentions to change my name so that suited me fine.) We decided to wait until we got home and checked bel bambino's passport and low and behold he has both our names printed. So now I cannot travel alone with bella bambina, bel marito must always be with me or else it is illegal for me to take her! It is like I am a mother without custody or something. How foolish can they be since it was me who spoke to the police officer and me who first signed the form. Now I cannot even go anywhere alone (not that I have intentions too but that's beside the point.) We are going back to the police station on Wednesday to ask them if they can fix it. If not it's not the end of the world as she will get an Australian passport soon so I can travel with her on that and then if we want to travel in Europe we can use our i.d cards...not that I am going to travel alone but it is the principal or the matter. I will let you know how it goes on Wednesday.
It's the Circle of Life! As you can see by my most recent blog post, I have discovered a new love. No, it's not for buying shoes, or going to the gym or other such things people seem to have love affairs with. It's for a much more geekier past-time. Yes. I watch documentaries. Since I discovered a website where you can watch them for free, I've been addicted. I've watched movies on the human mind and body, on religion, on racism, on heaps of incredibly interesting topics that I find fascinating. I know many people think that documentaries and mind-numbing boredom go hand in hand, but if you watch documentaries on topics that you're interested in then it's absolutely riveting.  However. With this discovery, I have learnt something about myself. I have learnt that I can NOT watch documentaries about... Animals. There. I said it.  I just find them far too emotionally traumatising. Animal documentaries lull you into a false sense of security. They show you clips of adorable sea-otters holding hands and deer frolicking in the meadow while birds sing and the sun shines. And then, they flash up a few clips of these sea-otters being swallowed whole by a seal, or the deer being slowly chased until they collapse with exhaustion and are descended upon by wolves. I know what you're thinking. "It's the circle of life, Emily. Everyone needs to eat." I try to remind myself the wise words of Mufasa. The lion eats the antelope but "When we die, our bodies become the grass, and the antelope eat the grass. And so we are all connnected in the great Circle of Life. " At this stage, I'm surprised I even manage to get through the Lion King without falling into an emotional heap. I understand that it's all natural and proper but I can't help but feel terribly sad. I watched a show about baby turtles and how they have to find the ocean once they're hatched, but birds fly by and snatch them off the ground so only a small percentage ever make it to the sea. The rest struggle helplessly in the birds claws. Or take tonights documentary for example, in which whales played a hunting game with a poor seal until it was slumped, exhausted on an ice float. A sneaky whale came up, bit it's tail and slowly dragged it into the water, with the seal looking helplessly towards the camera. Maybe it was the fact that the seal reminded me slightly of my dog, but whatever the reason, I find animal documentaries far far too sad. So from now on I shall watch informative documentaries that steer away from the animal kingdom. To avoid being ignorant, maybe I'll read wildlife articles... That way I don't have to see their puppy dog eyes as they're nommed on by a lion.
Go With the Flow  Go with the flow  Go with the flow  Don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t fight it  Don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t listen to people  Telling you to fight  Go with the flow  Let your emotions  Pull you out  Be adrift on this water  Of man built ideas  On your whims and thoughts  Don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t fight them  Go adrift  Don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t use your ore  Be carried out where  The waves crash  Go with the flow   Don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t go don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t go  Fight your way out  Fight against your own ideas  Go against your emotions  Don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t follow the current  Of your own selfish ideas  Fight your way to shore  Paddle till you ache  Make your way there  Where you׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ll be safe  On a shore built by God  With arms to hold you  And to help you  Don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t go with the flow  Fight it, fight it And find yourself  On an unmovable shore  
Shameless Self-Promotion Hello friends! I feel like I'm awkwardly trying to re-connect with a long lost friend who I neglected for a while... But I'm sure that you have all been very busy and haven't noticed my lack of writing at all! If you have noticed, thanks for being a reliable reader and I'm sorry to disappoint! But for the rest of you, I'm sure a simple explanation will suffice. I have been very busy of late, finishing my musical theatre course, performing in the Showcase, and much more! But most importantly, I wanted to talk to you about my musical. I've mentioned it a few times in this blog, but recently my writing partner and I have decided to take it to a new level and put on a big showing of the show. We have a venue almost booked, we have a rehearsal room booked, auditions scheduled, rewrites being planned and technically minded friends being put into a list to be contacted later. I'm mentioning it to you because I know there may be some of you who perform and love to be a part of amateur shows. Here's your chance to be a part of something special, because the opportunity to be involved in a brand new, original piece of Australian theatre comes along very rarely. As the show is still growing, this is your chance to make a mark on the show - help it reach that next level. Heck, help it become successful! We need you enthusiastic, creative, generous people to give this show life in any way you can, so if you are even slightly interested, check out the event page and maybe even book an audition. And if you have no performing talents/interest whatsoever, maybe you could come see the show and support the young writers of today. Click here to check it out!
Review: A Torch Against the Night by Sabaa Tahir Summary: A Torch Against the Night takes readers into the heart of the Empire as Laia and Elias fight their way north to liberate Laia’s brother from the horrors of Kauf Prison. Hunted by Empire soldiers, manipulated by the Commandant, and haunted by their pasts, Laia and Elias must outfox their enemies and confront the treacherousness of their own hearts. In the city of Serra, Helene Aquilla finds herself bound to the will of the Empire’s twisted new leader, Marcus. When her loyalty is questioned, Helene finds herself taking on a mission to prove herself—a mission that might destroy her, instead. - Add to GoodReads Publication date: 08/09/16 (UK) An Ember in the Ashes was one of my favourite books of 2015 - it absolutely blew me away with its complex characters, sizzling romance, and world building. I have been eagerly anticipating the sequel ever since, so I was beyond excited when I was kindly sent a copy for review from the publisher. Having read it I can say without a doubt that it is a brilliant follow up that does not suffer from middle book syndrome! I have to admit that I wasn't the biggest fan of Helene in An Ember in the Ashes. She did, however, win me over in A Touch Against the Night. I think that getting her POV helped a lot. It made me understand and sympathise with her more. Being Emperor Marcus's Blood Shrike meant she had to make some tough decisions and I really felt for her. A new character, Harper, a member of the Black Guard, was introduced and man was I intrigued by him. We learn little titbits about him, but not much so he's still a bit of a mystery. I especially enjoyed his interactions with Helene, and I'm not going to lie, I was shipping them. Elias and Laia are also tested in A Torch Against the Night. Their journey to Kauf is not an easy one, and they go through a lot physically and emotionally. The character development is really well done; I like them both even more than I did in the first book if that's possible. Although Laia is not able to fight in the same way as Helene, she still manages to hold her own. She has a quiet strength and determination which I find really admirable. Elias is faced with dark times in ATaTN, but his strength and unwillingness to give up never wavers. Elias and Laia made quite the duo; I appreciated the fact that they told each other the whole truth, and didn't keep anything back. It can be annoying when two characters, who are in a sticky situation, could have avoided the whole thing had they communicated better. I was majorly shipping Elias and Laia in An Ember in the Ashes, but I did have one problem with the romance in the first book: the love triangles. I really dislike them, so the Helene/Elias/Laia and Elias/Laia Keenan triangle frustrated me to no end. I felt like with Helene and Elias there was a missed opportunity to create this amazing platonic relationship between a female and male character. As for Laia, her feelings for Keenan seemed to come out of nowhere; it just didn't make any sense to me. Suffice to say that the love triangle had me worried what direction the romance would take in the sequel. Having read A Torch Against the Night I am *highlight to read spoiler* happy that the Keenan/Elias/Laia triangle was resolved, and only hope now that the Elias/Laia/Helene triangle won't appear in the third book, because it wasn't really present in this one. There were a few swoony Elias/Laia moments in ATaTN that I absolutely loved. The tension and chemistry between the two was just perfect. A Torch Against the Night offers more everything: violence, action, plot twists, and deaths. Oh my gosh, the deaths! *cries* The ending left me feeling ALL THE FEELS and begging for book three. The wait is definitely going to be excruciating! Rating:
Mens Sana in The Body Every time you see a woman with a pearl necklace in the tube, with a long and "I-just-told-my-driver-to-come-and-pick-me-up-but-he-did-not" face, she must be a Knightsbridge woman. Or you could call her simply - Chelsea. Every time you see someone jogging on the sidewalk, he/she must be someone on whose coat-of-arms is written "Mens sana in corpore sano". Every time you see a girl with a waterproof jacket and a cross-over bag and messy hair because of the wind, she must be a cleaner. I don't understand why people here like to torture themselves and sacrifice their bodies and knees on the altar of Health. They say they are jogging or something. But if you have a look at their faces you can see how red they are and how hard a life they have every morning. Brothers, sisters, freelancers, Elle McPherson and gentle Romans, lend me your ears! If you want to keep fit, combine the useful with the unpleasant and get some cleaning jobs: the exercise will keep you fit and it will turn an honest penny and a smile from your neighbour. Cleaning is better than a sterile running.  My opinion. As it is.* ________________ *Adaptation of "Parerea mea. Care este." (Marean Vanghelie, some mayor of Bucharest)
Ice Cream I am in love with Skinny Cow Ice Cream cones. In San Diego, they cost approximately $4.99-$5.49 for a box of four delicious (3 point) treats. I decided that I could "make" something similar for much less. It isn't wise for me to bring caramel or chocolate sauce into my home. However, a drizzle would not add many points (depending on the brand) if your willpower is greater than mine. I came home from the store with Black Cherry Chocolate Chip Low Fat Frozen Yogurt (90 cal, .5 fat, 0 fiber @ $2.99) and plain ice cream cones (20 calories, 0 fat, 0 fiber @ $1.49). I weigh the ice cream (70 grams) using my handy kitchen scale to make sure that I am getting my points worth!  What I like about Skinny Cow is that they come in single portions. Not that I always stick to one portion, but I am more willing to bring already rationed treats into my home over a giant container of frozen yogurt. It is my hope that the ice cream cones will maintain this single portion size mentality. I calculate the cone shown to be 2 points! I realize the replication is not even close to the original Skinny Cow love that I have had. But when it came down to points I went with the flat cone. And who can resist cherry ice cream smiles?
Starting Stage 2 I have to admit that I put this off as long as I felt I possibly could without looking like a total procrastinator. I don't really understand why I felt so intimidated by moving onto Stage 2. Maybe it was because I really wanted to start working out in a gym setting and I couldn't get the gym membership like I wanted to this past week. So...I made the committment to Jen that I would do the workout tonight after I put That Other Kid to bed. She even asked me what time he went to bed! Gosh I couldn't even wessel out of it like that! So I pulled my book out (that I still haven't made the time to read all of, sorry Karena!) and pulled up the tutorials that Karena put up -- THANKS Karena! I got everything situated and ready to go and got started. And honestly, it wasn't nearly as bad as my head had it set up to be. I guess I made it out to be a lot worse than it really was. Funny thing about it is that about 5 minutes after I got started That Other Kid came out into the living room and said, "gosh that looks hard...you are sweating already!" and I was. It obviously was hard, but in a good way. :) I kept my weights pretty consistent and since I am doing the workout at home I had to find a way to make the horizontal wood chop work. Actually it wasn't too difficult since we have resistance bands. I found a columm and wrapped the band around it and pulled away! I'm going to need to find a way to add some weights too it since that seemed pretty easy. The one workout that I am not sure I will be able to continue with is the Static Lunge, rear foot elevated. I started it with the weights and did 1 and had to drop the weights. I did the 2 sets of 10 with only my body weight and it really hurt. I will try it again next time I do workout A but if it is still hurting I'm going to drop it. I don't need the pain.... I was surprised at how uncoordinated I felt during the dumbbell one-point row. I wasn't sure I was doing it right so I moved to the bedroom so I could watch myself in the mirror. My right leg wobbled and shook the whole time I was doing the set. My left leg felt a bit better but I still had to pause a couple of times. As for the plank and pushups, I am surprised at how fast my upper body has weakened since I ended the March core workouts. I was able to do the 2 sets of planks for 60 seconds but my arms were shaking! I did manage to do 2 sets of on the toe pushups but I didn't go down far enough....That will be my goal during this stage; to make my 20 pushups be "full on the toe" AND "nose to the ground". As for the progress I made during stage 1...I successfully completed it which is better than I honestly thought I would do but I didn't lose weight (gained it instead, grrrrrr) and I only lost a few inches, so I won't be doing pictures yet. I still need to work on the diet and now that I am on medication I will hopefully start losing weight! I am biking (or at least trying to) every day so that will be my cardio for now. I love biking and it helps me get outside 30 minutes a day like the dr told me to do! Thanks for letting me be a part of the #Ironsisters!! I love the support I am getting and I love that I am lifting weights!
New Winter Trading Hours With the shelves bursting I have added more bolts to the $10 per metre stands. Open This Sunday from 2-6pm Closed Sunday June 5th opening again for the June Long Weekend with new hours. Winter Hours will be opening from 1pm - 5pm as it is getting so dark outside.  These hours will be from June long weekend till October long weekend (think ski season) Lots of new arrivals as well  Hope to see you in store soon  
PRODUCTS THAT NEED MORE LOVE  While rummaging through my makeup collection, I found some products which I just haven't used enough. It's not that they're bad products, but they just were never one of my ultimate favourites. So I thought I would put all the products together and maybe this would encourage me to use them more.  Starting with the Maybelline Gel Eyeliner, I'm not really an eyeliner wearing person, I find it doesn't suit my eyes that nicely and looks to heavy. But this pot eyeliner is really lovely and I have been tying to use it more, the brush it came with is not particularly the best, but it works anyway. I will say that make sure you keep the lid tight as it may dry out otherwise. Saying this, I have another eyeliner as well which is the Collection Fast Stroke Eyeliner. This one is a bit easier to use as it is a liquid one, but I find this one more heavy as the colour is a lot more intense.  A brush which I don't really use that much is the Real techniques Stippling Brush. This brush is really amazing for blending in face makeup, but it is a bit more time consuming which is why I don't use it as often.  Onto the lip products, I have chosen the Revlon Lip Butter in Berry Smoothie, Rimmel Kate Moss 101 and the Collection Lip Butter in Vintage Rose. I don't really have a valid why these aren't really used as much. I guess the shades are a bit different from my usual go-to lip choices.   Another Maybelline product, which is the Maybelline Colour Tattoo in On and On Bronze. This is such an amazing product and it's a shame that I never use it as much, I actually think it's beginning to dry out on the top which can't be good! But the colour is actually really pretty and I am definitely going to try and use it more.  Last but probably not least as I am sure there are more products which don't get enough love from me. This is the Sleek Blush in Pixie Pink, I remember I used to love this blush so it definitely is a shame that I don't use it as much. The colour is so gorgeous, even though it looks bright it can be toned down a bit. Plus Sleek blushes are so pigmented and definitely worth getting!  Its a shame that I don't use these products as much as I should because they really all are lovely makeup pieces. Are there any products that you think need a bit more love?
The Beads of African Grace  The beads of African grace Are beads of a interesting taste A warmer weather and culture You see  It׳’ג‚¬ג„¢s dancing and singing and laughing All family and comfort you׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ll find Relax - we don׳’ג‚¬ג„¢t fret, or worry You׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ll leave with a calmer mind  We share what we have Though it be small We׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ll eat it together Yes, we׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ll split it all  We׳’ג‚¬ג„¢re really like family Thought different in face On our red roads we׳’ג‚¬ג„¢ll run The incredible race 
Bilingual babies I can't exactly say that bel bambino is bilingual since he doesn't speak yet, but I hope and I think that he will. I read a little into raising bilingual children but basically we are just doing what comes naturally. I speak to bel bambino only in English and bel marito speaks to him only in Italian. When we are together I speak mostly to bel marito in Italian but if I have to address bel bambino it's always in English. If the 3 of us are having dinner then I often speak to both of them in English (since bel marito already spoke English long before he met me) and bel marito speaks to both of us in Italian. Sound confusing? Most people here are very positive about me speaking English to bel bambino. I speak to him in English in front of other people and if I am not directing my comment at them then I don't bother to translate. My in-laws are used to me babbling away in English. Sometimes they will ask me what I am saying but most of the time they don't. They have even picked up a few words of English themselves and like saying "bye bye" and "good night" they understand and sometimes say "milk" and I am sure there are other phrases that I regularly use that they get the gist of. We were out at the park today and bel bambino's little friend who is 2 was waiting for his turn on the slide. "Go go" he called out and I started to laugh since this is what I call out to bel bambino to get him to go down the slide and his little friend, without me knowing, has learnt and now repeats this phrase! It was priceless to hear. Some people are worried about us confusing bel bambino with our dual language system and I've only come across 1 person, a young person mind you who has told me that she thinks it is silly that I am teaching him English and that I should be teaching him the local dialect! I can't even speak dialect! But she's never left the village, never even taken her children to the beach which is only a 25 minute drive away so I don't pay much heed to her comments. I have read that perhaps bel bambino will be a late speaker, only time will tell but we are in no rush. The important thing for us is that we know he understands both of us. When I say "where is your water?" bel bambino goes and gets his water. When bel marito says the same thing in Italian, he goes and gets his water. When we ask him in either language to play some music he goes and presses keys on his keyboard. So as far as we are concerned he is well on his way to becoming bilingual. And he does speak. He says 3 words  (that we understand, the rest is non-stop baby babble which maybe are words that just aren't so clear yet.) Can you guess what they are? Ok, no guesses for the first word which was mamma, or ma ma ma as he calls me, slowly but surely I am often getting 2 syllable now. His second word was papa' which I think is normal since P is a little harder to pronounce then M. And his third word. It's banana! How funny. He actually says anana without the B but we assume this was his first word for 2 reasons. The first being that banana is the only word that we use which is the same in both our languages, and the second being that he is half monkey who eats bananas like you can't imagine. If I try to slip a banana into my bag and he sees it he screams ANANA and won't stop until you give it to him to eat! Now we are waiting for the next word...in which language will it be. Logically I would say it will be milk or water but my money is on either button or shoe. Yes, odd but then again is there another baby out there who said banana as his first non-mamma and non-dadda/papa' word?
This is What Life After My Rape Looked Like A warning note before you start: this is long. Very long. Close to 7000 words. I've tried to break it up into sections to make it easier, but it's still a pretty long read. It shouldn't have to be said, given the title, but: TRIGGER WARNING. This piece of writing comes to you from the UK in 2005. Procedures in other countries, or in the UK at the point in time that you are reading this, may be different. Originally posted as an answer to a question on Quora. 1) The Initial Event and Aftermath I was imprisoned in my own bedroom and repeatedly raped all night. He finally left at 9am, after telling me that he'd be back later with an engagement ring, but if I reported it, he'd come back and kill me, and then go after my elderly mother. I was running on near enough 48 hours with no sleep, which is the only explanation I have for why I did the worst possible thing I could have done: I took a bath. Women do this often, due to feeling dirty and violated, and it washes away a lot of the DNA evidence. I had been a crisis worker for three years at this point, l had supported several girls through their rapes, and I knew this. I just...forgot, I guess. After he left, I was on my own in the house - Mom had left at 6 for an early shift at work, and our lodger had buggered off to wherever he went on weekdays - and I was already feeling abandoned and unloved, because I'd screamed repeatedly at the top of my lungs throughout the first half of the night, until he strangled me to keep me quiet, and neither my mom nor my lodger had rescued me. Up until maybe 4am, I'd fully expected to be rescued. It didn't seem possible that someone could hold me prisoner and rape me and strangle me in a 3-bedroom semi that I shared with two other people and a dog, all of whom were home all night. I couldn't figure out why nobody heard my loud, piercing screams, and nobody heard his roars when I bit him, and nobody heard me crying until my throat was raw, and I found myself wondering - did they hear, and just didn't care enough to investigate? So I sat in the bathtub, absent-mindedly rinsing the sweat and semen and saliva off my body, unable to think of anything other than how my life was suddenly irrevocably changed, because now I had a fiancֳ©, a fiancֳ© who would repeatedly rape me and probably beat me and almost certainly murder me after I'd reached the end of my usefulness, and that there wasn't a damn thing I could do about it because I wasn't willing to report it and risk my mom's safety. I'm assuming that the combination of shock and lack of sleep caused me to be unable to think straight. I got out of the bath and called a friend who was a policeman to ask for advice, but he didn't answer his phone. I didn't want to leave a message, so I got into bed and fell asleep almost immediately. When my mom came home after lunch, I got up and went downstairs to talk to her. I couldn't seem to force myself to use the word rape, but I managed to tell her that the guy who hadn't shown up for our afternoon coffee date yesterday had shown up in the middle of the night instead, and he had done very bad things to me against my will. My mom called the police. 2) Talking to the Police When the police arrived, I was sitting on the floor in the hall, wearing old black pants with paint on them and a brown fisherman's sweater that belonged to my late brother. For some reason, I always remember the clothes I was wearing for any given event in my past. I remember thinking I should put on proper clothes and brush my teeth, but I was just so tired, telling Mom had used up the small bit of energy I had. Mom tried to talk to me, but I wasn't making a lot of sense - I sounded, and felt, drunk. The initial officer who responded to the call was named Lee. I never caught his last name, but when he asked me if I would talk to him, I said I would, because people named Lee are always nice people. I realise now that he was a rookie, fresh out of the academy, and he probably felt totally out of his depth, but he never showed it. He was patient and kind when I told him I didn't know if I wanted to report it, because I believed if I did then my rapist would kill me and my mother. He explained to me that rape was a criminal offence, and that if he took an official report now then I wouldn't be able to withdraw it later, so I should take some time to be sure about what I wanted to do. I wasn't sure, but I knew I couldn't live with it if he raped another girl because I hadn't reported it. And there would be another girl. There would be many other girls, until someone stopped him. I knew his type well. Lee said that almost all rapists say that they'll kill the victim if s/he talks - it's how they control them - but very few attempt it. So I made the report. I don't remember much at all about this part. I know that another couple of officers showed up - Scott and Amy, as well as a bunch of crime scene techs - and that we all sat around in my living room talking while my mom made tea and coffee and finger sandwiches, as though we were having an afternoon tea party. I took a bite of a cheese sandwich, having had nothing to eat in nearly 24 hours at this point, and all three officers immediately stopped me in case there was DNA still in my mouth, so I had to spit the sandwich out and let them bag up the half-chewed bite. After several hours - I don't remember the passage of time, but I know that it was dark outside - I was told that I needed to go to hospital for a physical exam. I was allowed to go up to my bedroom, where crime scene techs had been fingerprinting everything, and get my medication and the book I was reading. While I was there, they asked me if I could point out what I'd been wearing in the night, as well as anything that he'd touched a lot and paid particular interest to. These things they bagged up and took away with them. - 1 cell phone (Nokia 3210) - 1 hand-embroidered Egyptian cotton duvet cover (still pissed about losing that one!) - 1 fitted double sheet - 2 pillowcases - 1 cheap IKEA duvet cover - 2 bath towels - 1 green fitted T-shirt - 1 pair blue pajama shorts - 1 bottle Durex Play lube Lee left, and Scott and Amy drove me to a private BUPA hospital in the next town over. My mom asked to come with us, but I told her I preferred her to stay home - I knew that I didn't have the wherewithal to take care of her as well as myself. I was shown to a small room with a private bathroom while we waited for the doctor. 3) The Medical Exam When the doctor arrived, it was clear that she was annoyed about having to be there. She was kind to me, but she'd been pulled away from a dinner party, and it was obvious that she would have preferred to be at that party. The initial parts of the examination were fine. She and a crime scene tech combed through my pubic hair and collected any stray hairs in a bag. She noted any bruising and abrasions on the outside of my vagina, and used a speculum to open me up so she could make notes on any damage to the inside of my vagina and my cervix. A few times she used a long swab and tweezers to collect hairs from inside, as well as DNA from semen. She then did the same with my anus, noting any cuts, enlarged blood vessels, and bruising, and swabbing for hairs and semen. She swabbed the back of my throat and around my teeth. After the internal exam I was finally allowed to urinate, but I had to put the toilet paper I used in a bag to be analysed for DNA. I think that was the worst part for me. Sex is not something that embarrasses me, but toilet functions are one of the few things that I am deeply private about, and handing over my urine-soaked toilet paper was probably the most humiliating, degrading moment of the whole event. While she was doing the exam, I read my book. Wolf-Speaker, by Tamora Pierce. I read because I needed the escape, but I regret that now, as I think it made me appear cool and unruffled, which is not a good thing when you're trying to convince the police that you've been raped. It didn't occur to me at this point that I might not be believed. After I peed, the tech asked if she could take a DNA sample and a set of fingerprints from me, so they could be eliminated from any results. I agreed, and she swabbed the inside of my cheek and had me roll my fingers one by one on a wet sponge pad and then onto a piece of card. I was surprised to find that the chemical they used was colourless, but she told me that they'd stopped using black ink a while back. She then told me about the national fingerprint database and national DNA database, and asked if I would be willing for my prints and DNA to go on file in the database, though she emphasised that this was not mandatory. I've never been a private person, and always thought it would be cool to be able to look myself up in a database, so I agreed. It was when the doctor had to search me for any other injuries that the problems started. The cuts on my face and lips were noted and photographed, but when she saw the bite marks and finger bruises on my throat - he'd strangled me from behind - she said that they were too old to be from the previous night, and that someone else must have strangled me a few days ago. I told her no, bruises always heal really fast on me, but she was adamant that bruises less than 24 hours old could not possibly be turning greeny-yellow at the edges already, and she refused to document them. The same went for the finger-shaped bruises on the backs and insides of my thighs. She asked if I'd been with anyone else recently - and I had. Two nights before the rape, I'd had a date that ended up in the bedroom. She said that the throat and thigh bruises must have been from him, and though I told her that my date had not been even slightly rough with me, she didn't believe me. I don't know if I blame her for this or not. The pigments that cause the green and yellow tints that bruises sometimes get, biliverdin and bilirubin, are produced when haemoglobin in blood is broken down, and they usually come after a few days of bluey-purple bruising. Logically, she should have been right about the age of the bruises. Still, I was hurt and angered by her refusal to listen to me and believe me. I felt like she was supposed to be on my side, and she wasn't. 4) Making a Formal Report Amy came over the next day, and for several days after, to take a formal report. I like to be in control of myself and of situations wherever possible, and I greeted her in makeup and clean hair and pretty clothes, which I think shocked her a bit. I remember that I wore clothes that made me feel clean and bright and wholesome: a lemon-yellow V-neck sweater, a knee-length white A-line skirt with lemon and orange and turquoise flowers on it, and a pair of white crochet ballerina pumps. The clothes were my way of taking back my body from my rapist, of showing that he would not control me, but in hindsight I realise that this added to the impression that nothing awful had occurred. I offered tea and cake and juice; as with the clothing, hostessing allowed me to impose order and ritual on a chaotic situation. These were all politely refused, and we got down to the hard work of preparing a statement. There's very little I can say about this part. It took about ten hours, spread over several days, and it covered everything from my initial meeting with the man who would become my rapist, right up until the moment he left that morning, in minute detail. I had only known him for about six weeks, and had met him twice - the day we met and the night he raped me - so I shudder to think how long it would take to create a statement for someone who was raped by a person they'd known for years. At this time, I also provided Amy with as much information as possible in the hopes that the police would be able to track him down. I didn't know his full name - I only knew him as Obie - and had no idea where he lived, but I was able to provide her with the receipts from the bar he took me to the day we met, and a fairly accurate guess at the time that he dropped me off at the Underground station afterwards, so the police were able to obtain an image of him from the CCTV cameras there. I have never been so relieved that I'm organised and tidy by nature. I was raped on a Monday night. Monday 10th October, 2005. The police were notified Tuesday afternoon. On Friday, Amy told me that the police would probably be able to track him down by the following Monday. Sure enough, on Monday Amy called to tell me that he had been found, taken in to his local police station for a "chat" where they informed him of the charges against him, and then released on his own recognisance. That scared me. I had assumed they would arrest him, and I asked Amy why they'd let him go so easily, and what would stop him coming after me and killing me now that he knew I had reported him. Amy tried to soothe my fears, telling me that when someone has been cautioned to stay away from someone, they almost always do for fear of getting in worse trouble. This one won't, I told her. This one believes he's untouchable, and he'll come after me. It's unlikely, she said. We'll see, I said. That was around 5pm on Monday. 5) Monday Night I had evening classes on Mondays. Every Monday from 7 until 9pm, I studied anatomy & physiology at Oaklands College in Welwyn Garden City. It was only nine miles from my home, but the route mostly involved narrow country lanes, and the buses were lousy in the evenings, and Mom was driving my car at that time as hers had packed up, so she was happy enough to drive the 50-minute round trip to drop me off, and again to pick me up, every Monday night. Twenty minutes before the end of class, my phone rang. You need to leave class and come outside, right now, my mother told me. Graham[the lodger] just called my cell to tell me that there's a big, angry man at the house, demanding to see you and refusing to leave. I left class. We drove to the county police headquarters, which - by happy coincidence - was right near my college, and told them what was going on. They got in touch with the St Albans branch of Hertfordshire Constabulary, and the St Albans station sent some officers to my house to investigate. We were told that we wouldn't be able to go home until he was apprehended, so we got ready to settle in for a long wait. We waited in an office belonging to - I guess the police chief? Captain? I don't really know the British police ranking system - and he was very kind, and kept bringing me soup and tea and snacks. I asked him what the full name of my rapist was, because I didn't know it, and I knew that the police must know since they'd been able to track him down, but I was told that they couldn't release that information. So next time he went out for soup for me, I asked him if he could also hunt down a blanket, and while he was gone I looked in my own file and found my rapist's name. I still feel a little bit guilty about that, to this day. He left me alone in his office because he trusted me, and I broke that trust. But I don't fully regret it. I needed to know. At 1am, we received a phone call from St Albans. They had approached him outside my house, and he had fled. It had taken several hours to catch him, but he'd been apprehended and arrested. We went home, exhausted but vigilant. 6) The Next Few Weeks Surviving the next few weeks was mostly mind over matter. I just kept putting one foot in front of the other, getting through the things that needed to be done. I felt like I was sleepwalking through it all, which I would later find out was due to the brain injury that I got from being repeatedly strangled. I saw my regular GP several times, as I was in a lot of pain. My rapist was a big man - 6'5", maybe 280 lbs - and having him on top of me for ten hours and having my body forced into unnatural positions had caused a spinal injury, where two of my lumbar vertebrae had come out of position, bruising my spinal cord. My sciatic nerve had been pinched where it exits the spine, causing pain and weakness in my legs. My larynx had been crushed, not badly enough to affect my breathing, but badly enough to make it hard to talk and to change my voice. I had a nasty case of vaginal thrush that didn't want to go away. The worst were the internal infections that I developed. My rapist had repeatedly raped me orally, vaginally and anally, without a condom, switching from one orifice to another perhaps a dozen and a half times. I developed infections in my vagina, and soon after in my uterus, due to contamination with fecal matter. I went to the sexual health clinic and got a full screening: herpes, HPV, trichomoniasis, chlamydia, syphilis, gonorrhoea, HIV, all the heps. When it was time to get the blood tests done, none of the workers at the clinic could get blood from my veins, so I had to go to the main hospital and then carry my vials of blood back to the clinic in a locked metal box with a biohazard symbol on the top. This, at least, activated my (somewhat dark) sense of humour, and it was sort of fun to see people's reactions to my box. I wish I had a box like that just to carry as a purse. The box was a bright spot in a fairly nervewracking few weeks. My rapist was from a country with high rates of HIV, and the fact that he'd both raped me anally and caused me to bleed increased the chances that, if he did have HIV, he'd passed it to me. I was glad when my initial STI tests all came back negative within a week or so, but I didn't really breathe easily until my 6-month HIV window had passed. My mother held it together long enough to tell my brother what had happened, to write letters to my two best friends about it, and to take a few weeks' compassionate leave from work. At first, she couldn't get the leave as she refused to tell her boss what had happened, and it was only at my urging that she did so. Her feeling was that we needed to keep my rape a secret, while mine was to talk about it openly. After she'd talked to her boss, my brother and my two best friends, she did what she always does when she can't cope with a crisis: retired to bed, sleeping all day and spending the nights reading, eating, chain-smoking and biting her fingernails. I sound unsympathetic, and I guess I am. I shouldn't be. I can't even imagine how much it would hurt if this happened to my son. But I didn't have the energy or the emotional strength to take care of my mother. I needed it all to take care of myself. I didn't tell my father I had been raped. My father is affected by what I sometimes refer to as "engineer brain" (or occasionally "Capricorn brain") - he is a very logical, methodical person who operates best when he can analyse and evaluate situations in order to see how you can do better in future. This is great for performing science experiments, but bad for dealing with human trauma, and I didn't feel strong enough to cope with questions about why I did X and didn't do Y. I knew I'd have to say something before the court case, so I told him I had been "attacked", and that I'd reported it. He congratulated me for doing the socially responsible thing, asked if I needed help with medical bills, and advised me to put it out of my mind until I had to appear in court. My brother, the world's biggest pacifist, stomped around for a few weeks swearing revenge and talking about trying to find a hitman. I'm still not sure whether he was serious. The guy I'd dated once, the one I'd slept with two nights before the rape, fell to pieces when I told him. He cried nonstop for an hour and required copious amounts of comfort. I broke up with him. I couldn't handle babysitting his emotions any more than I could handle looking after my mom's. My best high school friend, Elle, handled it pretty well. She drove down from Bristol to stay with me for a few days - despite being back in my town bringing up her own traumatic memories - and took me out for dinner and margaritas, and said she'd come to court with me if I wanted. C, my best college friend and sort of partner, took it really hard. We'd already been through some pretty hard things that year, and his guilt over that added to his guilt over this - because he has always been the traditionalist who felt like it was his job to protect his woman - were nails in the coffin for our relationship. Years later, I found out that he blamed himself for the rape for a more substantial reason: the day I met my rapist I had had plans to meet C and his sister at the Notting Hill Carnival, and he stood me up. If he hadn't blown off our plans, I probably would never have been targeted. I didn't know what to say to this, because it was true. I never blamed him. There was no way for either of us to look into the future and see what would happen, and I told him that. But he blamed himself, and I didn't know how to comfort him. Still, like Elle, he told me he'd be there with me in court, for support. Despite my friends, I felt very alone at this time. 7) November and December November and December were one hammer blow after another. In early November, I found that I was having problems thinking properly. Schoolwork didn't come as easily to me as it had previously. I frequently found myself misusing words, or forgetting what I was doing. I walked around in a "brain fog" - similar to, but much stronger than, the fog that comes with my fibromyalgia relapses. In mid-November, the crying guy started stalking me. He'd phone me up, begging me to take him back and love him. When I refused, he'd cry and ask how I could be so cruel. Crying turned into suicide threats, suicide threats turned into angry abuse about what a horrible person I was, angry abuse circled back around to telling me how much he loved me. I ignored most of it, but occasionally he'd hit the right button to get me to respond. I probably should have changed my number, but I'd just bought a new phone after the rape - Crown Prosecution had kept my old one - and I couldn't afford to change yet again. (Changing SIM cards was not so easy in those days.) In late November - Thanksgiving night, actually - I slept with C for the first time. It was wonderful for me, but he was uneasy with me afterwards. I'd always been a tough cookie - he had loved me for many reasons, but most of all for my steadiness and solidity and strength - and the rape had caused his view of me, and consequently of his life, to shift. No matter how much I tried to reassure him that I was not as fragile as he thought, he couldn't shake this new view of me as a broken flower instead of my former granite. Being with me was too difficult for him, and he worried constantly about hurting me. It wasn't long before he got a new girlfriend, though he remained one of my closest friends for years to come, and I remained in love with him. In early December, I got a call from Scott, the second detective on my case, informing me that CPS (Crown Prosecution Service) had decided not to prosecute. They didn't believe they could secure a conviction, for a couple of reasons - the bruises on my neck and thighs that the doctor had attributed to another lover of mine, and the fact that I had changed the sheets on my bed the night I was raped. I told them I changed my bedsheets every five days, so there was a one in five chance that I'd have changed them that night, but apparently this was suspicious and led people to believe the sex was consensual. In mid-December, I had a spinal X-Ray and a couple scans on my brain, both of which showed problems. My spine would probably heal with time and physiotherapy, but the lack of oxygen to my brain had caused moderate brain damage. A few days after Christmas, I started haemorrhaging, and was eventually told I'd had a miscarriage. I hadn't even known I was pregnant - I was on the pill, and was militant about taking it correctly. The guy I'd slept with before the rape had had a vasectomy, so it was unlikely to be his, but I had no idea whether I had become pregnant by my rapist or by C, the love of my life (at that point). I was a jumbled ball of feelings - grief, disgust, anger, horror, guilt, shame. I'd always thought C and I would marry and have babies. I wasn't ready to have one at 21, but even though I hadn't known I was pregnant until I miscarried, I realised I'd wanted that baby. It almost didn't matter whether it was C's or not. It was mine. And yet I was horrified at the circumstances, and angry that I had been put in that position. And guilty and ashamed - oh yes, that too, because even though I was a medical student who was currently studying anatomy & physiology and who knew the stats about the percentage of pregnancies that end in miscarriages, I was also a girl who'd had three scans and X-Rays in the last month, and who'd blithely told the radiologists no, I couldn't be pregnant. That moment was my Despair Event Horizon. 8) 2006-2007 On New Years Day, 2006, my mom and I went out to the supermarket to buy groceries. When we got home, we pulled into the driveway, and I got out of the car. Mom turned around to close her door, and when she turned back, I was on the ground. To this day, I don't know what happened. Did I slip on the ice and fall? Did I trip over? Did I have a twisted ankle, or weak muscles, as I often do in extreme hot or cold weather? Did I have a seizure? Did something happen in my damaged brain that caused a blackout? Did I think, fuck it, I'm done with this life, I'm not playing anymore? I have no idea. What I do know is that my mother found me on the ground, with a bump on my head, and when I came around I started screaming and sobbing, because I had no idea what had happened, or where - or who - I was. For the first few hours, she didn't believe me. She thought I was playing a game for attention, and told me so. She got me to call C, who also thought I was playing a game, but he was willing to play along with it. He teased me and tried to convince me that I'd agreed to give him my diaries to read: something that would have made me laugh and roll my eyes at any normal time, but on this occasion made me fly off the handle and scream at him to never try to manipulate me. He knew, then, that something was wrong, and his best friend of five years was not the person he was talking to. That evening I received another angry, bitter text message from Crazy Stalker Guy, talking about how I was the devil's daughter and how I would be responsible for his death. These were the first impressions I got of myself. I didn't know who I was, didn't know anything about my personality - but I knew that someone felt I was the devil's daughter, and that I was selfish enough and rotten enough that the two people in the world who claimed to know me best both thought I might fake amnesia for attention. Those first impressions have never fully left me. The next day, my mother was still unsure whether to believe me or not. She told me about the rape, I think as sort of a test. The shock caused me to flee the room, and she found me after a while, curled up in the closet upstairs, a ball of fright and tears. She took me to the Emergency Department at that point, and we sat around for many hours. Eventually they sent us home and told us to contact our GP. I saw the GP, who referred me to a neurologist, and saw the neurologist for six months, who eventually said that there wasn't anything that could be done: the memory loss could have been psychological, or it could have been the bump on the head, or it could have been the brain damage, or a combination of any or all of those things. My memory might return in time, or it might not. I was offered a consultation with a psychiatrist, which I accepted, but they warned me there was a waiting list. I thought they meant days, maybe weeks. My appointment came through more than a year later. Fucking NHS. A year after my amnesia, I started getting memories back. Two years after, I had perhaps 80% of them back. I found my own psychiatrist, who helped a lot. Somewhere during that year, I forget when, I got diagnosed with PTSD. A decade later I still sometimes query that diagnosis. Some days I feel like it doesn't fit me at all, and other days I appear to be a textbook case. 9) 2008 Until Now Life moved on. Sometimes, I did too. I saw the psychiatrist that the NHS offered me on one occasion. She was a nice lady, and maybe for some people she was a good psychiatrist, but she didn't understand me at all. She kept insisting that I must have felt debased, degraded, violated, dirty. That I must have blamed myself (and, of course, that I would be wrong to do so). Nope, never, I told her. His behaviour was on him. Aren't you frightened of men now? Of sex? Nah, I told her. Most men are great, and I like sex. Sex is grand. Do you think you'll ever forgive your rapist? No. There's nothing to forgive. He is devoid of humanity and absolutely incapable of empathy or compassion. You don't hate a shark for being a shark, nor do you forgive it for biting you. It's life. But you must be angry at him? Not especially. At the end of the session, she advised me that I wouldn't be able to move on with my life until I dealt with my fear and anger and my feelings of impotence and degradation, and stopped trying to control everything. I shrugged, and didn't go back to her. I sometimes see a therapist who I used to work with, when I feel like I need to. I hate saying it, because it arouses a lot of anger in people, but for me, getting raped was, by itself, not that big of a deal. Oh, while it was happening it was scary and painful and I thought I was going to die, but it was all the other stuff that came along with it that was really hard. Losing my intelligence was the worst thing. I was what was, back in the eighties and early nineties, called a "profoundly gifted child". I don't know what my IQ was, because tests didn't work for me. I lost a little of that to the fibromyalgia brain fog that I mentioned earlier, but the majority of it I lost to the brain damage. I went from almost inevitably being the smartest person in the room to being solidly average. There's nothing wrong with average, but it hurts to lose an integral part of yourself. We all have to deal with declining grey matter as we age, of course, but not usually at 21, and not overnight. I haven't fully dealt with this loss. Maybe I never will. I was raised to believe that intelligence and kindness are the only important things, and when I lost my intelligence, I doubled up on the self-sacrifice, because I felt that my ability to help people was the only worthwhile thing about me. There are times when I still feel that way. The second big thing I lost was a potential career in surgery. With the brain damage, I developed a tremor in my hands, and you can't be a surgeon without a steady hand. With the tremor, I also lost three of my hobbies: photography, embroidery and jewellery-making. I cross-stitch occasionally, though it takes much longer than it did when my hands were steady, and I take quick snaps with my iPhone camera since the phone is light enough to not make my hands shake too much, but if I'm using a decent Canon or Nikon with changeable lenses, I'm lost unless I can use a tripod. I simply can't hold the camera, and all my shots come out blurred. My coordination has gone, for the most part. I have never relearned how to walk in high heels, play guitar or piano, waterski or drive a car. Occasionally I'll manage to reacquire a minor skill, like eating with chopsticks, and then I feel all smug and self-satisfied for days. I'll never sing again. I was no great diva, but I could entertain people at karaoke or around a campfire, and I'll never be able to do that again - the damage to my throat was too severe, the scar tissue too thick. Pineapple juice gets me through Christmas church services, weddings, and funerals. My new speaking voice is low, husky. At least my Beloved finds it sexy. :) I still get sciatica flare-ups. Walking up stairs is always hard, though hiking keeps my legs in good condition. I try to hike over all kinds of terrain; I seem to handle stairs better when I'm practicing on hills and boulder fields. Some academic knowledge stayed with me - I kept English, Geography, most medicine, some science, and some languages. I lost math, music, physics, and other languages. I'm hoping that I'll be able to relearn the math and physics in the next few years. I miss the logical beauty of equations. I can still learn, but I learn like an average person now. Old Sati used to be able to pick up most languages in days, and become fluent within a month or two. New Sati has been learning Japanese for five years and feels like she knows very little. The brain damage was such that my neurologist warned me that I might never age, emotionally and mentally. To some extent, this has proven to be true. In many ways I still feel like a 21-year-old, and an immature one at that. The books and movies and TV shows that really call to my heart are ones that are intended for teenagers. I've chosen not to have children for a number of reasons, but this is one of the big ones. I don't think it's fair for a child to grow up with a mother who they will eventually age past. Still, the last year has seen more emotional growth than the previous ten, so there's hope. I'm not sure I'd be able to have kids, even if I wanted them. I'm pretty messed up inside. I have a lot of internal scars from the infections, which has manifested as scars called adhesions. Adhesions are bands of scar tissue that stick to one another. Sometimes, usually the week before my period, some of my organs stick together. The tugging sensation is unpleasant, and it makes peeing and pooping really difficult and very painful, because bits get sort of pulled out of place. If they get bad enough, I can have surgery to have the adhesions removed...except sometimes the surgery causes new adhesions to form. For now, I'm letting things stay as they are. They don't bother me too often. I date. I sometimes fall in love. I enjoy sex, a lot, the vast majority of the time. However, sometimes it's painful, and sometimes my scars tear and I bleed. Some men cope with this gracefully, some don't. That's OK. It's a good filter. From time I time, I struggle with what I call The Void. The Void is depression and anger and despondency, but it's also me. I am The Void. Because amnesia left me a blank slate and I had to rebuild myself from scratch, there are times when I feel like nothing in my personality is real; like I am not a real person but a hollow shell covered in a veneer of intelligence and charm, and I am deathly afraid that the people who know and like me will eventually realise that none of what they see has any substance to it. Still, for the most part I enjoy my life. It's an interesting world, and I am lucky enough to have a bucketload of resilience, as well as the personality of a golden retriever or a Disney Princess, that causes me to be both naturally cheerful and full of wonder. Rape's terrible. There's no denying that. Brain damage is terrible. PTSD is terrible. Life's not.
Melted Snowman cookies I can across a recipe for melted snowman cookies while surfing the internet. Theres was incredibly complicated and used ingredients Id personally probably never buy. I saw on another site that they had modified it some and made it simpler but to me it still took longer then I care to take baking cookies. So I searched some more and found an even simpler method which I then took and deconstructed to fit my needs and below is the recipe Ive come up with. I hope you enjoy and please leave a comment if you try them.  Melted Snowman Cookies ----------------------- Items needed Marshmallows Icing Food coloring or colored icing pens Sugar Cookies 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon baking powder 1 cup butter, softened 1 1/2 cups white sugar 1 egg 1 teaspoon vanilla extract  Preheat oven to 375F degrees. In a small bowl, stir together flour, baking soda, and baking powder. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Gradually blend in the dry ingredients. Take a nice chunk of dough and form it into a puddle shape (sloppy circle). Bake 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden. Let stand on cookie sheet two minutes before removing to cool on wire racks.   While the cookies are baking prepare your favorite icing recipe. After removing the cookies from the oven ice them with the white frosting. It will drip over the edges and look sloppy but thats the look you want. Let them cool completely before finishing decorating.Once they are cooled. Depending on how many cookies you have place marshmallows on the a microwave safe plate and microwave 10-20 seconds. You want the marshmallows to flatten slightly in their centers. With pam sprayed fingers quickly transfer the melted marshmallows onto the cookie. As they cool they should stick to the cookie.   Lastly comes the decorating. You can choose to color the remainder of the frosting you made earlier with food dye or buy those nifty little frosting pens. Make some eyes,carrot nose and a smile on the marshmallow head and draw a simple tie on the cookie body and thats it your done. You can embelish them more if you like or make them even simpler if you choose. You could also use pre made sugar cookie dough and just complete the rest of the steps as described.   These will be cute for the Holidays or just as a winter treat. I hope you enjoy them as I do!
Flowers for Charity We all know a person that loves their garden, they may even be you, but my mother loves her garden for a special reason. As a child I remember each year she’d take up more and more room in our backyard to grow more flowers which for 21 years she has grown, bunched and sold on the Echunga Main Street for Juvenile Arthritis. She does this between ANZAC and Mother’s Day. During this there are many community members who come together and show their support not only for the work my mother is doing, but for the 1 in 1000 Children in Australia living with Juvenile Arthritis. I remember one year spending part of this time in hospital for Juvenile Arthritis related surgeries, but it didn’t stop the community passion to help support Children living with Arthritis. While my mother spent time in hospital with me, the volunteers were at our home creating bunches of flowers, as they knew that I wasn’t the only one living like this and by them helping more people would learn about the condition. Another story is about the many times throughout the years when it would rain just before Mother’s Day. Now my mother spends all year cutting, watering and pouring a whole heap of love into these flowers and when the week before Mother’s Day the rain comes and ruins her work, it’s a hard thing to watch. I need to mention these aren’t any flowers, they’re the special Mother’s Day flower; Chrysanthemums. Their unique smell and bright colours they’re the perfect flower to give a special lady or person. If you need a reason to grab someone a gift or add some colour to your home, head through Echunga between ANZAC and Mother’s Day to show your support for the 1 in 1000 Children in Australia living with Juvenile Arthritis.
Hang ups I have been wondering what to write about lately and I got to thinking about all my pet peeves (hang ups, whatever you want to call them). Now, I don't want to sound like a "you know what" but I do have some things that just simply drive me crazy.....   *There is no "S" in Kroger. It is Kroger! NOT KROGERS!!!!!!!! * I CANNOT stand when people are wearing no shoes and slide their feet across the carpet...it makes my skin crawl! (This, and the fact that I stepped on a thumbtack as a kid, may be the reason why I HATE going barefeet most of the time!) *Talking while your mouth is full or chewing with your mouth open( I have only done it when my nose was stopped up and I had to breathe out of my mouth....it is awkward!) *Talking on the phone (private convo) while in the presence of others. Hold off until you are alone or if it is an important call---in this case, excuse yourself if possible! *To my knowledge(correct me if I am wrong) there is no such word as "winder"--(Window) *Putting dishes in the sink..Who is going to put that dish in the dishwasher?!?!?!? It is not that hard to take the dish, rinse it, and place in dishwasher. There are a few exceptions...if the dishwasher is full and needs to be cleaned or the dishes are clean and need to be put away, or if you are having to let a dish soak.   And there you have them- my pet peeves. There may be a few more, but these are the ones that drive me crazy! If I am ever caught doing ANY of these, please CALL ME OUT ON IT! These annoy the crap out of me and so I never want to be caught doing any of these!!!!!!
On your marks, get set, GGOOOOO!!!!! Well here we go! :O).  My mother (to be known as Destiny from now on) and I are now embarking on a weight loss journey together.  We have 18 weeks before we travel to Disneyland with the kids and both of us are concerned about fitting our bottoms in the plane seats as well as actually fitting on the rides with the kids.  We have decided to follow 'The Biggest Loser' program which is based around calorie counting and exercise.  To help keep us both motivated I (Vyxem) intend to update this blog daily with each of our daily food intake, exercise carried out and thoughts/experiences that occur during our weight loss journey together. Destiny's starting daily calorie allowance is 1800.  Destiny's starting weight is 18st 8lb and she hopes to have lost 1st 9lb before the trip to Disneyland in August which makes it a 1.5lb loss each week. Vyxem's starting daily calorie allowance is 2100.  Vyxem's starting weight is 23st 11lb and she hopes to have lost 2st 7lb before the trip to Disneyland in August which makes it a 2lb loss each week. Our weight in day is to hopefully be on a Monday morning.  Wish us luck!!! :O) xXx
Shqiptarët The Albanians... Hello and welcome to my newest blog post. Today, I'll try to answer everyone's most important question - where to find Albanians. Say you've mastered enough grammar and vocabulary to roughly survive in Albania a few weeks (I'm talking about Albania only here, Kosovo is another story as their dialect is quite different). You know how to order a coffee, how to understand the menu and order in the restaurant, how to ask for directions to your hotel... but you have only that book knowledge, nothing else. Where on Earth could you find someone to practice with? Now that is the hard part. Except the obvious answer (in Albania, Kosovo or the neighbouring countries), there are quite a lot Albanians living abroad and usually if you know one, you could meet the whole community in your city, if you want. If you're like me though (a girl living abroad alone without her family), that may be a bit risky, depends on the person in question (don't get me wrong, what I mean is that usually Albanians are very family-oriented and used to living with their parents, so the whole concept of you going abroad by yourself seems a bit awkward). I still have no answer as for why the guys form very wrong opinion of me (but I usually keep my strong card of knowledge hidden). But say you don't live in a "popular" country and you can't meet anyone, except by some chance. Your second best option is to go on Facebook and join some learner groups. In that way you could a) keep your motivation to learn the language strong as you'll probably meet other learners and b) you could meet Albanians who would be willing to help you learn, or at least willing to answer any questions you may have at that point. If your language level is higher, you could try some Albanian groups in Albanian and try understanding what they talk about, plus they tend to describe good language points in them. Or you could even ask a question, being brave enough. I have met quite a lot people in different language exchange places (like Interpals or HelloTalk), but I find it hard to find someone who is genuinely interested in practising (I usually offer help with English due to being fluent), and not in hitting on you, if you're a girl, especially one who learns a rare language. It's definitely not impossible, it just takes time and nerves to judge who is worth your time. Another very good option is to ask someone you know to introduce you to a friend of them - in my experience, friends of friends are always the better option, especially if you trust your friend in the first place. You could also try language exchange groups in your city, if there are such (like Meetup). Now, don't get me wrong - I am the living proof of someone who loves the country and the culture, but has had very disappointing experiences in the past. But I've had very good ones too - so as everything, it really depends on the person in question. So good luck with your search, and I hope that I managed to give you a few ideas of how you could meet people to practice with too. P.S. The first Albanian I met... it was very unexpected and in person. I've never thought that I'll end up here, knowing everything I learned by myself, writing a blog about it and battling the prejudices of people who think that I'm wasting my time instead of learning something "useful" like German or Spanish. I'm not ideal, but I achieved that level of knowledge using all resources I could find, and I even translate from/to Albanian in my free time (although my translations are still far from ideally fluent). Nothing is impossible if you really want it. You just have to love what you do.
Fighting Baby- Weight? Exercise at home  With a new baby, finding the time to exercise can be difficult. Lack of sleep and breastfeeding can leave you feeling drained of energy, but remember that not only does exercise help your body recover from pregnancy and birth, thereג€™s also some research to show that it can help treat and prevent postnatal depression. From pilates to yoga and running in the park to yummy mummy clubs, there is a whole range of exercise out there that is just for you.  Getting back in shape is not something you can rush. It has taken nine months for you to gain your pregnancy weight, so it may take a similar length of time to lose it. Your body has done an amazing job of bringing your baby into the world, so give it a chance to recover. Itג€™s also important to remember that if youג€™ve had a caesarean you should give yourself six weeks to heal before you even think about any exercise. If youג€™ve had a normal delivery there are some exercises you can do straight away - the ones you'll have benefited from doing all through your pregnancy ג€“ the pelvic floor! 2-3 weeks later, itג€™s OK to do some simple abdominal crunches, providing you have been checked out by a doctor. Your abdominal muscles have been stretched during pregnancy and may have split down the middle so itג€™s important to be examined before exercising.   After six weeks, there are more exercises you can try at home:   ג€¢ On your hands and knees, breathe in and as you breathe out, tighten your pelvic floor muscles and pull your belly button in and up. Lift your left arm straight out in front of you and hold it there for 10 seconds. Repeat up to 10 times and then repeat again with the right arm  ג€¢ In the same position, lift your left leg out straight behind you. Hold this position for 10 seconds without holding your breath or allowing your pelvic floor or tummy muscles to relax. Repeat up to 10 times and then repeat with the right leg  ג€¢ Stay on your hands and knees and lift your right arm out in front of you and your left leg out behind you at the same time. Hold this position for 10 seconds. Repeat up to 10 times. Then do the whole thing again with opposite arms and legs  ג€¢ Lie on your back and bend your knees. Tighten your pelvic floor and then lift your bottom into the air as high as is comfortable. Hold this position for around 5 seconds while breathing normally. Lower and repeat 10 times  ג€¢ Still on your back, bend your right knee and keeping your left leg straight, lift it slightly off the floor. Try not to allow your left knee to wobble and keep your hips level. Hold for 5 seconds. Lower your bottom to the floor and repeat 10 times. Then repeat with the other leg.   ג€¢ Lie on your right side with your knees bent towards your chest. Tighten your pelvic floor and lower tummy muscles. Keeping your heels together, lift your left knee up towards the ceiling. Hold for 5 seconds and then lower. Repeat 10 times, then move to other side.   ג€¢ Do some gentle sit-ups by lifting your head and shoulders off the floor. Hold for 3 seconds and lower.  Out and about  If you want to lose weight as well as tone you will need to do some cardiovascular exercise such as brisk walking or swimming. If youג€™re lacking motivation, why not try a buggy class in the park? Itג€™s a great way to meet other mums and companies such as Buggy Fit and Pushy Mother hold classes all over the country at a park near you.   You can also do a buggy work-out on your own or with friends with the Pushy Mothers Buggy Workout Album ג€“ just download it from iTunes. With an hour of motivating music plus expert exercise advice for postnatal mums, itג€™s like have your own Pushy Instructor on your iPod!  Powerpramming run fantastic classes across South West London and also have a great post natal exercise DVD. For the more hardcore (although they do have beginnerג€™s classes) British Military Fitness run outdoor exercise classes across the UK if you can leave your baby, and buggy, at home.   Nice and warm, indoors  If you donג€™t fancy the park, there are many other classes around that are specifically designed for postnatal women. Yoga is not only great to prepare you before the birth but is also good exercise for new mums. Many yoga centres offer mother and baby classes where you can do yoga while your baby lies on a mat next to you, (hopefully) gurgling happily. Then itג€™s babyג€™s turn, where yoga and music are used to encourage your babyג€™s development and flexibility. ~familiesonline Don't WEIGH IN your time and put VALUE IN your time (Get RESULTS Fitness)
Greatest Diet Pills For Females - Do you know the Best Diet Pills For Women That truly Work? Assuming you are speaking about the best over-the-counter diet pills, not prescription weight loss pills, the best diet pills for women are still the ones that contain ephedra.  Diet pills that have ephedra have been around for years. Even though the FDA is doing their best to ban ephedra products, they have yet to be able to impose the ban and keep and effective weight loss product out of the hands of consumers. It is just a stimulant that works on the central nervous system and causes you to expend extra calories and raise your resting metabolic rate.  Weight loss supplements with ephedra can increase heart rate and blood pressure. In case you have high blood pressure, center problems or are generally not in good health, then this weight loss product isn't for you. Taken as directed and not abused, this is the most effective weight loss health supplement you can purchase to date. Although these are the best diet pills for women, they are doing have a downside. The downside is that after a period of continuous use, your body will become understanding, and it will no longer best diet pills for womens work appropriately. This specific is why bodybuilders and fitness models stop taking it for several several weeks and then resume. This specific is called cycling. Right now there are some individuals, however, that claim it does not work as well heading forward as it mixed dough first time.  I have taken weight loss supplements that contain ephedra and lost 60 lbs. I cycled my use by taking the manufacturer's suggested dosage for 3 weeks, then stopped taking them for 2 weeks, then back on for another 3 weeks. I actually kept repeating the routine until I reached my goal weight. This type of cycling gave myself the quick results Required to keep my motivation level high. It also offered me time to learn to control my food choices and calorie consumption better.  If you're looking to find the best diet pills for women, then I suggest them. I have never find another supplement on the marketplace that regularly works as well as diet pills that contain ephedra. Most of them are not what they claim and many of the components currently in use are of minimum use to those that are extremely seriously interested in losing weight.
Umm, hello there So, hello! It’s been a little while almost 18 months since I blogged. It was not intentional and I wish I hadn’t had a huge break, but there’s been a pretty good reason why I disappeared. Two pretty good reasons, actually. Say hello to my beautiful twin baby girls. Who are currently 6 months old. If you don’t follow me on Instagram etc., then SURPRISE! Ha! How have I gotten to here? There’s fairly obviously so much to catch up on. For now, I just wanted to break the drought and post SOMETHING. Now that the drought is being broken, I can get to blogging again. I think you know that you miss blogging when you blog ‘in your head.’ Kind of like when people say that they texted back ‘in their head’ but didn’t actually send a text? It’s like that, but I’ve been blogging ‘in my head’. It’s time to get it out of my head and onto the interwebs though. :) Keep an eye out on here very soon, as we have a lot to catch up on. Love Kate ...AND Maddie and Ashley xoxo 😍
Ottolenghi - lamb Had surprise guests for dinner last night and just a few hours to get ourselves together. decided to use Ottolenghi's recipe for lamb marinaded in honey and herbs. It was sublime - despite not having the time to marinade it overnight. One kilo of meat was sufficient to fill 4 adults to popping; you know the food is good when even the most cautious eater says they'll share seconds with someone else :) the marinade is surprising in a few respects - firstly that so many ingredients can blitz down to so little; but also that that "little" is plenty to marinade a kilo of lamb in. It is bunches and bunches of mint, coriander, parsley, and then a good few glugs of red wine vinegar and honey. Whew! it was delish and will definitely appear on our menu again.
Getting Ready for Winter Sat around the table on a Friday at 4:30pm surrounded by my co-workers, my Mom, who is visiting for 3 weeks, was surprised by how many people don't have proper climate control in their homes here.  I've been telling her about it for years, but I think hearing it from the locals, and so many of them, drove it home.  It is that time of year in Australia when, despite it still being 29C out, we turn our thoughts to the cold weather coming.  In addition to the actual weather conditions this year, I'll also be thinking about my health during the long, wet season, and not just my physical health.  Whilst seasonal depression is often thought of as a Northern hemisphere problem, it can just as easily creep up on you in the Antipodean region.  While the months between May and September creep by, the dark comes upon us early, and the rains keep coming, nights at home without heat (either because you don't have it or you can't be arsed to start a fire in your combustion heater) get long and exhausting, even if it is only 14C/60F in your house most evenings.  I generally crawl into my waterbed with my dinner, and watch TV from about 7pm onwards.  That doesn't help keep me motivated and active enough, so this year, I'm making a few changes, particularly as winter will show it's face soon after one of my international visitors leaves.  I plan to use my 3 month old gym membership at least twice a week, and I have a stack of books to read.  I've also joined a few interest groups and am actively trying to meet more people and get out of the house more.  That combined with a few practical heat savings tips around the house, sealing up gaps in the walls and completing a big ensuite reno with a nice new shower...and heat lamp, and this winter should be mint!  I'll let you know how it all goes.  If you see me blogging more, that's a first indication it's all working.
Norma has lost 20 pounds by juice fasting  Let’s celebrate 20 pounds down since 7/31 with Norma.  She looks amazing.  She says, “I currently lost a total of 20lbs so far, my starting weight was 173 on 7/31 when I started the “FAT SICK AND NEARLY DEAD” juice fast by joe cross and I have 8lbs left to go to get to my goal weight of 145lbs. I walk for an 1 hour a day or more except weekends and I do some exercises at home such as squats, light weights, jumping jacks and push ups. I have been a vegetarian for about 5 years now and by doing this juice fast I will transition myself to a vegan/ raw food lifestyle.” I believe in the power of raw food too, Norma. Congrats! For more great before and after photos, visit www.blackwomenlosingweight.com
If You Really Want To This week, my sister Sophie turned thirteen. Amongst all the excitement about it being her birthday and about the fact that she is now a teenager, one of the things that she excited her most was the fact that she was now old enough to have her own Youtube channel. Sophie wants to be a vlogger as well as a blogger. With all the practice she’s had a making other videos (such as her ‘Show and Tell’ feature on her blog), she’s got all the skills to make the videos. But to me, who’s so camera shy that I won’t even listen to my own recorded voice, this idea sounds crazy. Who would willingly sit in front of a camera and talk to the world? It’s far easier to hide behind the written word. But Sophie really wants to be a vlogger, and the fact that she has to sit in front of a camera and talk doesn’t seem to worry her. Nothing is going to stop her from having that shiny new Youtube channel she’s been dreaming about for weeks. I can understand that. For a long time I wanted to start a writing blog and talk about characters and plots and writers block and share the things I learnt about the craft of writing. But, for a long time, I held myself back, because after all, who would want to listen to me? It’s not like I’m the most experienced writer in the world and there are so many other writing blogs out there. Who would notice one more? I’m sure there are a lot of vloggers out there too. Youtube is filled with so many different kinds of channels, from musicians, to Youtube shows, vloggers and those who make videos for businesses. Sophie could easily have said, ‘what’s the point of making that Youtube channel I want when there are so many others out there?’ But she didn’t. She went ahead and started her channel because she really wants it. And after all, what’s to stop her? The only thing that would stop her is herself, just like I was the only thing stopping myself from having a writing blog. If you really want to do something, then the fact that there are lots of others doing the exact same thing shouldn’t stop you. Sophie has her Youtube channel now, despite the fact that there are other vloggers, and I finally made that writing blog I wanted, even though lots of other people have them. If there’s one thing I’m learning, it’s that, if you really want to do something, then you’ll find a way to do it, no matter what. No one can really stop you, except yourself. Do you have a vlog channel? Have you ever wanted to start one? Or are you camera shy like me? What’s one thing you’ve always wanted to do? 