(if you want to view categories, click the arrow and the word the second time it appears. for example, there is lifestyle with an arrow, so click the arrow and it will drop down another lifestyle- click the second one.) It’s 2018, and the media hates us. Type in pro ana blog, and half the results is shaming us for not eating, for having these blogs. Plus, most of the pro ana blogs left are from, like, 2014. I was tired of going through half-finished, out-of-date blogs, so I made my own. i support recovery, but am not in it myself. My name is Caty. I’m 16, and I live in the United States. If you want to become ana buddies, or join a group chat, my kik is catyspacen. I’m 5’5, my starting weight was 125 lbs, my goal weight is 100 lbs, and my ultimate goal weight is 88 lbs. Currently, I am 109 (March 30 2019). Pro ana is not a religion here- just a lifestyle. I’m not trying to teach you to have an eating disorder, this is merely a refuge. It’s that little voice inside our head that we can’t seem to shake, but at least we don’t have to do it alone. So welcome, love you lots. Remember, calories are the enemy. You have control, you barely eat, and nothing tastes as good as skinny feels. Saying no to food is saying yes to skinny. But also, we are here to be skinny, NOT dead or hospitalized. And no one must EVER find out. ❥ Caty
﻿the thin commandments The thin commandments must be followed at all costs. They are the foundation to our skinny lifestyle, they keep us from failing, they keep us motivated. Read and re read these every single day. Memorize them, whatever it takes. With them, you will not fail. 1. If you aren’t thin, you aren’t attractive. 2. Being thin is more important than being healthy. 3. You must buy clothes, cut your hair, take laxatives, starve yourself, do anything to make yourself look skinnier. 4. You shall not eat without feeling guilty. 5. You shall not eat fattening food without punishing oneself afterwards. 6. You shall count calories and restrict intake accordingly. 7. What the scale says is the most important thing. 8. Losing weight is good, and gaining weight is bad. 9. You can never be too thin. 10. Being thin and not eating are signs of true will power and success. I know this is a short post, but def a necessity! ❥ Caty
﻿how to distract yourself while fasting!! June 6, 2018caty Hey everyone! I’ve noticed on tumblr and pinterest that all the ways to distract yourself are few and they’re all the same, which is quite annoying. So, I’ve compiled a list of things that help me while fasting! Hope some of these work for y’all too!! ♡ binge watch a series on netflix / watch some movies ♡ watch try on hauls on youtube- extra motivation for when you’re skinny!! ♡ scroll through tumblr, reblog, make friends ♡ learn how to do different things with makeup and hair ♡ join an active ed group chat and talk for hoursss (if you need one to join #strictansisters on kik is one i created yay) ♡ start a blog!! ♡ paint your nails ♡ read a book ♡ do some fun workouts on youtube ♡ redecorate your room ♡ do diys! ♡ GET THE F^$&*&%$ OUTSIDE ♡ go through your closet, and donate/sell the ones you don’t like or are too big! ♡ deep clean something in your house ♡ drink tea! just be careful adding honey since it has a lot of cals ♡ tell yourself “i could eat this food, but i’m not going to, because i am stronger than that” ♡ choreograph a dance ♡ make a playlist (i make one for every month) ♡ learn how to do a cartwheel/handstand/etc ♡ browse online shopping and think how cute those clothes will be on you when you’re skinny ♡ do things online to earn $$$ (like surveys! qmee, opinion outpost, and inbox dollars are my faves) ♡ start a workout challenge ♡ catch up on studying/ homework (if you’re in school or have summer homework) ♡ learn something new on khan academy ♡ hang out with friends ♡ facetime someone ♡ read / write something on wattpad ♡ watch something like supersize vs superskinny ♡ play with a pet ♡ take a long bath / shower ♡ go for a walk (bonus points if you take a camera and take pics along the way) ♡ edit pictures for instagram Stay strong and starve on my lovelies!! ❥ Caty
﻿10 day diet June 7, 2018caty So I found this diet, currently I am on day 6, and it’s been going really well! I have lost 2 lbs so I am down to 107. I also workout a ton which def helped. This one is great because it helps me not to binge. Y’all should try it!! Here’s the layout: ✦ day one: fast ✦ day two: 200 cal ✦ day three: 250 cal ✦ day four: 300 cal ✦ day five: 350 cal ✦ day six: 400 cal ✦ day seven: 450 cal ✦ day eight: 500 cal ✦ day nine: mono ✦ day ten: 500 cal Mono means you can only eat one food all day. I think I am going to do soup or cereal. No cal limit on it but just one food. It also gives me motivation because I can eat more the next day. If you know you have really bad cravings for a specific food, save that for your mono day. Remember to exercise at least an hour a day. A meal plan really helps. Should I do a meal plan post soon? Stay strong and starve on my lovelies! ❥ Caty
﻿anafood: breakfast ideas Hey everyone! I’m doing an anafood series, which is basically just food ideas for anas. There might be something over 200, but most everything is under that. Enjoy! breakfast ✦ Green tea (0 cal) ✦ Small apple (70 cal) ✦ Honey Nut Cheerios w almond milk (1 cup cereal + ½ cup almond milk= 120 cal) ✦ Oatmeal, ¼ cup (75 cal) *depends on type of oats, how much you eat, and whether you add things to it. Always check nutrition labels ✦ Vegan pancakes- recipe link (100 cal per pancake) ✦ Egg cups- recipe link (40 cal per cup) Breakfast is easy to skip, which is why there’s only a few ideas listed. Stay strong and starve on my lovelies! ❥ Caty
﻿anafood: lunch/ dinner ideas! Day 2 of the anafood series! I combined lunch and dinner since they’re easily interchangeable. Keeping them separated so they aren’t messy to read. Hope you find these useful!! lunch and dinner: ✦ Soup (chicken noodle= 60cal, tomato= 70 cal) ✦ Avocado toast (150 cal) depends on bread type ✦ Scrambled egg whites (17 cal per egg white) ✦ Grilled chicken and bell pepper stir fry- all you need to do is put ¼ cup chicken and ½ a cup chopped bell peppers in a pan w coconut oil and stir until done. (80 cal) ✦ Vegetable stir fry- same thing, just veggies. Cals depend on what you use, probably no more than 50-60 ✦ Squash and kale gratin casserole- recipe link (104 cal per serving) ✦ Personal pepperoni pizza- recipe link (170 cal per pizza!) ✦ Ham and Cheese twists- recipe link (102 cal per twist) ✦ Salad- use vinegar as dressing to keep it low cal ✦ Chicken Lo Mein- recipe link (237 cal per serving) ✦ Chickpea stuffed zuchinni boats- recipe link (120 cal per boat) Stay strong and starve on my lovelies!! ❥ Caty 
Stuffs in my life OMFG THE DUMBASS WEEKEND DIETICIAN AT THE HOSPITAL MADE ME EAT 3300 FUCKING CALORIES TODAY. FUCK. FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK. I want to die so bad. I know I'm still "technically" underweight (bmi 16.7) but all the weight I've gained is in fat so I'm not skinny anymore. Why is it that the more weight I gain the more she makes me eat!!!! Also, random thought, I've never seen a male dietician before. Do they even exist?  I'm 99.99% percent sure I'm gonna relapse when I discharge. I'm not ready to recover, I haven't reached my UGW yet. They didn't let me reach it before I got hospitalized. Oh but I missed food SO MUCH. a gross part of me is glad they're making me eat because it tastes soooooooooooooooo good. If I don't reach my UGW on my next relapse before they hospitalize me I think I'm gonna kill myself. FML.  I'll keep adding entries. Not that anybody cares or is even reading this.
Just another rant... I don't matter. I'm worthless. I can't do anything right. I am a failure. I'm not skinny enough. I don't have 'real' anorexia.I can't get these thoughts out of my head. I want to recover, I really do, but I can't until I reach my GW. Then my anorexia will be real, will be valid, will count for something. Then I will actually have something to recover from. I'm the only person who can't have a serious eating disorder unless I reach a really low weight. My mom doesn't get it, my treatment team doesn't get it, my dad sure as hell doesn't get it, I WILL recover if they let me reach a 13.7 bmi. I would be fine, then when I reach it I will begin the recovery process. If They don't let me reach it I don't know what I'll do. I want to kill my self so bad because I know that I'll never get to a weight that low, but im too much of a pussy to go through with it. Every time I see someone whose been or currently is at a bmi lower than 13 I want to kill myself. How selfish am I? I don't feel bad for them, I feel angry and jeolous. I feel like if I can't even get near that than I am a failure and therefore don't belong on this earth. But I am scared of pain, ugh goddamit evolution. I don't matter, I'm worthless, I'm untalented... I doubt anyone actually read through this whole thing. Why am I even posting this? Maybe I'm seeking validation that I don't deserve. Maybe I want someone to tell me that I really am skinny enough,good enough, enough. How stupid is that, I'm fishing for compliments. Fuck me. Wait, who would want to it's not like I'm attractive. I'll leave now and go wallow in self pity, and stuff myself with food that I'm being forced to eat. Or at least I tell myself I'm forced to eat, when in reality I'm a fatass, I'm too weak to choose the tube over the yummy plate in front of me. Really I'm a selfish bitch who doesn't deserve to be comforted.
My thoughts on today and yesterday Monday (yesterday): I was allowed to take a walk in the garden downstairs. It was nice and warm, but far too short. Better than the boring walks on the unit, I guess. But at least my grandma brought my Guinea pig Lenny. So I held him as a walked. Honestly since they've been increasing my calories and I've gained like 8 lbs I'm depressed all the time. I don't feel like doing anything. I only force myself to go on the walks is for calorie burning purposes even though I know it isn't burning too much extra.  The dietician outdid herself yesterday, my total calorie intake was 2735 fucking calories!  Today: so far 1500 calories consumed, less than yesterday at this time, but still a fuckton. I still have dinner and two snacks left. Dammit I wanna cut so bad, but I have no tools... I'm officially the fat one on the unit. There are two other anorexics that I've seen on my walks, they are both so tiny, me, ugh my bmi is In the 16s. FUCK. FUCK. FUCK. My stomach is huge, I can barely see my hipbones and my ribs are a distant dream. I can't do this much longer, I think i will restrict again once I leave the hospital. I hope a volunteer dog comes today, they are the only things that snap me out of my depression, even for a fleeting moment...
WEDNESDAY 24TH JULY. 4.37pm I MISS MY BONEY REYNAUDS (SP) SYNDROME FKING LEGS.  My legs hurt now anyway and Im way fatter so I might as well lose weight. I am always in pain anyway.  Ate so much already today... half a smoothie (banana,apple,milk,turmeric) approx 150kcals. Bowl of soup w/half a slice of brown bread and no butter thankfully... 300kcals ? Coke zero- 2kcals 50g turnip and 1 bite chicken- 70 kcals 522 KCALS Well 522kcals is still restricting and I can just eat a 100 kcalorie snack later but nothing is good enough anyway. Im huge at the minute. Cant even weigh myself as it is embarrassing. I look so fat. My waist says under 26 inches but that's not even small or that small anyway when I am comparing my waist to under 23inches before... it is better than 30 inches which was hell..... nothing is good enough anyway!! I wish I puked the soup up in one way...hmm... met my friend today anyway and got some cleaning and mopping done. Going to nap and watch TV. Still cant be arsed starting back work fully but maybe tomorrow or Friday.... I need some time off.... plus the pay is poop.   Maybe will do a quick hula hoop workout later but no dumbells as my body aches so much. LOL if I watch German Anorexia films then it is a form of study for the Masters I don't even want to do at the minute... it is self centred... i want to be alone to starve... but i have my reasons... people have bullied me and pissed me off so much so it's not narcissism , it is moreso retreat and depression and alienation...
IM GONNA DIE SOON, FUCK... I think I am dying from the eating disorder. I really think I am dying of something. I just turned 28 and had an ED 16 years.  Im not at my lowest weight but have all of the physical symptoms. So bad. My arms cramp and hurt to type this and my vision is blurred. My chest hurts. My ass bones hurts, my knees hurt to touch off one another , my most recent relapse happened sooooooo fast. ....... so fast..... I have been hula hooping for hours and hours and running around eating nothing, taking lax etc ...... One day this week I literally ate HALF a chicken nugget. 40 calories?!!! 5 chicken nuggets is a serving, a serving counts towards one of three meals a day. I know tihs and yet ignore everything. Can I continue to defy the laws of nutrition/ I think not. My kidneys feel fucked up. I will try to get antibiotics tomorrow but seriously just think im gonna die soon...... yeah it will be so sad if i Do.... cause i have been trying... i work as an ESL teacher online and have friends and family..... am a relatively young woman.... i wanted to move to Deutschland, Germany!!!1 back to Frankfurt to work and even settle down and buy an apartment. Build a life. I could end up back in the psych unit again and making a semi recovery. But I always relapse. So unfortunately I am in the statistics...... those awful statistics about EDs that state some die due to the illness or because of suicide and dont get better...... yeah some do get better but I am now in the bracket of the people who are CHRONIC, the people who never reach a recovery.  I am so cold..... the pain in my bones is hard to describe, how to describe it/./???///// i want to SCREAM and cry and rock in the fetal position ..... I want to be cuddled...... i want somebody to stroke my hair and say I will be ok ....... my knees are purple in under these PJS. Thats apparently called Reynauds disease a side effect of Anorexia. My SHIT IS GREEN. Whatever I have eaten this week was pooped out straight away, green ........ im peeing all the time and it hurts my back and stomach and chest ....... i wonder is it ketoacidosis..... if it was i should be in ICU at the moment but I am afraid to go to A and E because Ive been in hospital a lot before and I am ashamed..... at some points I was fit to dial an ambulance but I cant do it ........ for the moment I am staying put, alone, in pain. Who knows maybe the GP will give me ensures tomorrow and they could really help...... if not ...... a few more days and I could just die........ this is so serious........this is so serious and i cant laugh it off anymore...
So, I got on the scale last night and my heart practically leaped out of my chest. 111.6!!! A new low! Using the energy from my absolute elation, I went straight from my shower into my crunches and practically passed out in bed. The next morning, I weighed myself again and BOOM!!! 109.5 I cannot remember the last time I was this happy! I’m almost able to forget my doctor’s appointment today. Almost. I got a new water enhancer called Mio Energy and I think it’s what helped me drop those extra pounds. It has no calories, but is sweet so it helps quell sugar cravings. It also passes through you like tea so it gives me a sense of temporary heaviness, not permanent weight like normal water does. It also has vitamins in it, so that’s good 🙂 I am so unbelievably happy, you have NO CLUE. I was honestly worried that I would never be able to drop below 113, and I almost started crying when I saw that beautiful number on the scale. I am one step closer to my ultimate goal weight 🙂 And it’s a damn big step ❤ Stay Strong and Skinny, My Lovelies 🙂 ~Robin ❤
Doctor’s Appointment Update I went to the doctor’s yesterday and wasn’t able to update and tell anyone how it went. So here it goes. I got weighed and the lady who was weighing me wouldn’t let me see the number on the scale. Which really bothered me. Then I had to wait in a small room for twenty minutes while the doctors talked about random stuff. Then I had to fill out an idiotic survey, then I had to wait even longer while they went over the answers. Then they came back and asked me the same questions in person at least four different times. And after all of that, there wasn’t even anything wrong with me! What the actual fuck. So I got to leave on these conditions: My mom MAKES a smoothie for me every morning and she packs my lunch. It says nothing about me having to eat the lunch or drink the smoothie. Honestly, you’d think that doctors would have enough brain cells to put that on their little sheet. Of course, when mom made me the smoothie this morning, I didn’t drink it. Apparently they think that if they talk to me sternly and write things on paper it will cure me. You can’t help someone who doesn’t want to be helped, and I most certainly don’t want to be helped. I am so close to my goal weight, I weighed in at 108.7 pounds this morning. No doctor is going to take the joy of achieving that beautiful number 80 away from me. Pardon my French, but fuck them. ~Robin
What I Ate Yesterday Breakfast: Mio Energy (Mio Energy Water Enhancer + Water) Lunch: One cube of Tofu, fifteen soy beans, some celery Dinner: Pancakes (1 cup of oats, 1 banana, 3 tbs water), Chinese Food (A small amount and only one plate full. I have small plates at my house, so that’s not as much as it sounds like. And my dad practically forced me to eat it. If it had been up tome, I wouldn’t have.) Stay Skinny Sweethearts 🙂 ❤ ~Robin
Stomach Issues Have you ever laid down on your back and traced your hip bones and ribs? I do it all the time. I just wish that when I stood up I was able to do the same thing. I want those prominent hip bones, that caved in stomach, that tight skin over my ribs, those raised collar bones. It’s not fair. I have them when I lay down, and I want them when I stand up. I’m 108.7, a new low, but I’m not really able to enjoy it because it’s just not low enough. I have decided to stop eating anything I have not prepared myself and since I am not at home for most of the day, this means only dinner. Which will be small and controlled. ~Robin ❤
Emotions Sometimes I sit on my bed and trace my collar bones and hip bones and remember the time before my life was overcome with the desire to be thin. I Try and remember what it was like to sit down and not have to think about how my thighs squish together. I try to remember what it was like to love the way my body looked without having to be a lower number on the scale each morning. I try to remember what it was like to look down and not worry about if I’ll be able to balance a ruler on my hip bones today or not. I try and remember what it was like not to get up at 5 every morning and run until I can’t breath. I try to remember what it was like when I didn’t do 300 crunches a day in a desperate attempt to get rid of the food I had eaten that day. And I can’t do it. Sometimes I think I can, but all I can remember about the past was how I used to be 125 pounds and I have only been able to drop to 108. It’s all I can think about. I am constantly checking and rechecking to make sure I can still fit my hands around my calfs, my thighs, my wrists, my neck, to make sure I can still feel my collar bones, my hip bones, my spine, my ribs. It’s all I have now. And I don’t remember how to be happy without being thinner. ~Robin ❤
the holidays god. we all hate them. you know you do, dont deny it. the food. the family. the people. the FAT. UGH! so obviously. im on vacation. two weeks. two weeks without structure, school, and starvation. since im home so much i need to eat more to satisfy my family’s suspicions. it sucks. and now, im writting to you wonderful people who read my blog from my aunts house. there are TOO MANY PEOPLE HERE! its me, my sister, my brother, my mom, my dad, my grandma, aunt 1, uncle 1, aunt 2, uncle 2, cousin 1, cousin 1’s husband, and their kid (second cousin).yeah. i managed not to eat too much for most of the day. and then desert came and aunt 2 brought a whole platter full of different types of cookies and there was aunt 1’s toffe brittle, and just so many delicious sugary things. i caved, i had to have eaten like 8 cookies and 3 square inches of toffee brittle. i feel FREAKING DISGUCTING. i want to go in the bathroom and cry my eyes out. i hate feeling this full. i hate it so much. iv been trying to exercise by bouncing my legs and walking around, but im pretty sure its not working. i guess i just need a little support right now. ALSO. i made a post on whyeat.net about how researchers believe that anorexia is linked to wanting to stay a child, and im starting to agree with that more and more. my seconds cousin got all these presents and everyone was paying attention to him and i felt jealous. of a freaking five year old! i wanted to be the center of everyones attention. i wanted everyone to be taking my picture. i wanted all the presents. these days everyone just gets me like 15 bucks and then theyre done with me. its not fair. either that or i want to fade away. disappear so im just a spectator. im free to leave whenever i want to but i can always come back and enjoy the company thats close by. i just want this to end. i hate holidays.
something fun perhaps? ughhh. binged today. i had a girl scout meeting. yes girl scouts. its good for college so be quite! :P (the downside is the glorious cookies) anyways. we had bagels and this like egg pie thing. oh yeah keish i think. so yeah. not good. but i didnt have one bagle. i had three bagel halves PLUS cream cheese. exactly. then i was just like. why the fuck not. and had some cookies. (I GOT TO TASTE THE NEW FLAVOR!!! :D). and then everyone left and im alone in my house (we have the meetings at my house. and then i had russion wedding cookies or whatever and good and plenty and pie crust. ughhhh good news: since no ones home i can exercise vigorously and not be called anorexic by my twin sister :) i want to do something fun with the Pro-Ana community out there. soooo i was thinking we could share holiday thinspo? just a thought. TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK!  ♥ katy
yesterday i hung out with some old friends from the start of high school, and it just really got me thinking about how i don't know myself. i hang out with my 'current friends' and get blackout drunk every weekend, just the same old shit of pres and listening to music and then town. towards the end of the year i stopped going to pres at like 6pm and started joining at about 9pm so i can sit around with a group of people and drink enough alcohol in half an hour that will get me adequately wasted for the remainder of the night. then, coming to see my old friends, yesterday it was nice to get a pizza and just think about how weird and how long it's been, but my 'old friends' don't hang out without smoking. don't get me wrong, i currently am way more into the idea of weed all the time over alcohol, but i don't know why i can't just do things sober. like, i really have no idea what i'm going to do next year. at the moment, i'm in the mindset of 'i don't give a shit if me being sober means my social life goes down the drain because at least i'm doing good for my physical health and mental wellbeing', but the times in the past when i have tried to stop drinking, that clearly didn't work. it probably means that i just need to find new friends, but i really honestly don't care enough for that. i'm very close with my sisters and my mum, and i am okay with that. it probably makes me sound like a sad loser, but i really just cannot be bothered making the effort to form new friendships right now, or even make old ones better. i just don't really care about it. all that's on my mind currently is how next year, i can just be in full control of my life, my schedule, what i eat, everything. there's no pressure for me to do anything except for pay my rent. i don't think i'm going to make much of an effort next year to do stuff with friends because there's just no point. i'm moving to the states when i graduate anyways, so any lasting friendships i don't believe are gonna come from the next two years. we'll see.
Ready to coach someone I have space to coach a couple more people. Please be serious, you can be new but be serious. I will use email, kik or Snapchat only.  Be ana, and ready to get serious about being skinny. This means restricting, fasts and exercise. Your only goal should be getting skinny.  I will provide accountability, discipline and motivation. I will push you, encourage you and when needed, punish you for not working hard enough. You should be ready to accept this.  Let's get you skinny, get you back in control.  email: anasdiscipline@gmail.com 
Support buddy Hi! I'm just reentering this because I gained a lot of weight pretty quickly after "recovery" and I feel like I could do much better with someone to talk to and support eachother, I know none of my friends would understand. I'm 20 years old, 6 ft, and currently weigh 188lbs, my goal is 150, and my lowest was 140. I can download whatsapp or kik I would just like to have a buddy or even a group so we can help and support eachother. 
Looking for a supportive ana group <3 Hiya everyone! Ive attempted ana in the past but had very little willpower and simply couldnt motivate myself to do it, as a result i currently weigh 62kg (136lb) at 174cm tall (5"8) which makes my bmi 20. Im 18 years old and looking for strong willed and friendly people that can help support me in my journey and in return i can help support them. Im specifically looking for group diets and fasting, group workouts, and group weight checks with active members. If this sounds like you pretty please message me! lots of love <3
Day#1 I decided im going to starting posting my progress here because it will keep me accountable. Today with all my running around i burned 350calories. I fasted for 22hours and at the end ate a small apple-48cal(i didnt finish it all) later i had some lucky charms and animal crackers(which im trying to get out the carbs)-85cal and popcorn-114cal. In all i had 247 calories today. And am back at fasting. I lost 1lbs (108 to 107). If anyone has tips to how i can do better please tell me! I hate being this weight... Thank you so much for reading!
Ana Mail Day So, I ordered some supplements and a new scale last weekend & they arrived last Friday. (I've been meaning to update but life is kinda busy.) It was good and bad.  Good because I got some HydroxyCut, cayenne pepper capsules, and green coffee bean pills. It was terrible because my old dial scale was apparently 7 pounds off.  In the wrong direction.  So I'm officially a fucking whale but it's okay because that just lights a fire inside me (or maybe it's just that cayenne pepper) to starve on.  I researched HydroxyCut and found some alarming information but, fuck it, I'm desperate to drop pounds as quickly as possible. I took it with a tall glass of water and made myself a spinach salad.  -1 cup of baby spinach (12 calories)  -1/2 cup of peeled cucumber (8 calories) -1/4 cup of veggie cottage cheese (48 calories)  Total: 68 calories.  I love this Hood veggie cottage cheese. I love cheese to begin with but 1/4 cup has less calories than my favorite light dressing and is 200x more filling.  ---------- So, here we are, 6 days later & 5.4 pounds lighter! Not too shabby, considering I haven't been restricting below 1,000 calories a day.
Hey darlings. And by darlings I mean Bella I think you're the only one who reads this. I'm having a bit of a crisis but I'm back from up North now. I have a doctors appointment tomorrow and I haven't been taking the new antidepressants he gave me because a massive side effect was weight gain. And I've gone so downhill, and I feel like shit and I wrote a list of all the things I need to say to him, everything I feel and the biggest things that scare me but I don't know if I'm brave enough to give it to him. I'm too shy, I just let my doctor talk and lie and pretend I take my meds when I don't and I want help so bad but I'm so scared. Sorry it a self obsessed rant. I hope you're okay. 
Back, again.. Wow, it's been months since I last posted on here. I know I keep flitting back and forward on here, but I think I might be back to stay this time. I really helped me last time, I didn't feel like it was working at the time, but looking back over the photos I took of myself this time last year, I would do anything to be that weight again. I wish I'd appreciated it back then. I wish I'd gone out in skimpy outfits and been proud of how tiny I was, instead of just hating myself and feeling fat. Cos now I am fat. Fat fat. I've gained so much weight in the past year, it's disgusting. No wonder my boyfriend left me. He was the reason I 'recovered', he was the reason I started eating more and gained weight. And ultimately he left me because I gained too much. He fell in love with me and my lowest weight, when eating in front of him made me cry, and I was too weak to function properly. Clearly that's what guys like, who wants a fat healthy girl right? So yeah, here I am. I've popped online every now and then to check up on your blogs, but not recently. I need to get updated and see who still uses this site, see who's still here. I won't post my weight it's too embarrassing. Maybe in a few months when I'm more acceptable. I'm meeting my ex next Thursday for a drink. I'm being optimistic and hoping I can lose something by then. Obviously I'm not gonna lose stones, but even half a stone would make some difference, I hope? I'll update again tomorrow hopefully. I need to get some control over my life back. I feel uncontrollable, literally unstoppable. I don't even know what's happened to me. I'm a complete trainwreck. And maybe losing weight will make me happier, more confident. Help me find someone to love me again. I'm so bloody lonely.
Weigh in I just weighed myself for the first time in a while. I convinced myself that I was looking slightly smaller and that I would have lost at least a couple of lbs. I was wrong. I've gained back the 3lbs that I had lost and I'm back at the start. Back up to the highest weight I've ever been.  In that second I went from looking at myself and thinking I could see a slight difference, to seeing my stomach balloon before my eyes. I'm gigantic, how could I have ever convinced myself of anything else? I've been planning on having soup for lunch before I go to work, I even considered buying a wholemeal roll to go with the soup, but now the thought of eating anything seems ridiculous. Eating better seems to have caused me to gain weight, so clearly eating nothing is the only way I'll ever get down to an acceptable weight.
Losing weight again I've lost 2.4lbs over the past 2 days. I'm still massively huge but at least now I know I have some control again. I won't let myself stay like this. I can be acceptable again. I know I should go to the gym today, I have hours until work so I do have the time. But being the socially awkward freak I am, I'm too scared to go alone, and my friend can't go with me until tomorrow. I should just go. I need to stop being so pathetic. I think I'll have soup for lunch, and then I don't know what to do in the evening. I have work at 5 so I could easily not eat before I go. But I know if I do that then I'll stuff my face during my break, working in a food shop is shit. I wish I worked in a clothes shop instead, so I'd spend my breaks really motivated rather than just really hungry. I also reallllllly need to tidy my room today, it's literally disgusting. I justify it by saying I'm hardly at home so it doesn't matter. But even the short time I'm in here now is making me feel ill looking at the mess. It can't be hygienic. Anyway I set myself 2 more goals for the rest of the week. To lose 4 lbs, 2 lbs at a time. If I can just control my fat ugly self then it would be easy. Hope you're all having a good day. I have missed everyone on this blog so much.
I went back to my therapist and I actually managed to tell him I've wanted to die, every day for the last few months. He finally seems to be taking me a bit more seriously. He seemed understanding, I'm going back weekly for a while. He even booked me in for appointments after my 18th birthday which I don't think he's allowed to do since it's a child and adolescent clinic, but he said he's scared to let me disappear at least until after my exams. For the evening before my appointment and a lot of the day I was in an unexpected good mood, I actually saw some hope and a purpose in life. Then out of nowhere in the evening I lost my mind. I'm trying not to cut anymore since it's summer soon, so I went mental punching every inch of my body but it didn't hurt enough. I settled for trying to break my arm by beating it with various hard objects. I didn't break it, but today I have the most disgusting bruise it hurts to brush up against anything. I really don't know what triggered it. I've never been that crazy before. I have history coursework due in tomorrow (well technically it was due months ago, my teacher's extended my deadline to literally hours before the exams board will want it sent off). I doubt I'll get it down. All I want to do right now is cry and sleep forever. But I can't let her down again. She's been too nice about it. I can't turn up empty handed. I'm such a worthless idiotic bitch.
But to anyone who is truly pro anorexia, and not just on here because they are lonely in their ED'S, please read this. First off, let me say what I'm sure you have heard a million times but are to "determined" to actually accept; having anorexia will not make you happy. You will be just as unhappy as a bulimic or a binge eater or anyone else who has used food as a way to cope with the shit that has happened to them. Im not going to use flowery language to describe this, because eating disorders are ugly and horrible to endure. For the few girls on here saying "oh but I just want to lose weight SO BAD, I JUST WANT TO BE SKINNY" I'm sorry, but get the fuck over yourself. If you are not already too sick to fight, FUCKING FIGHT! Don't just lie down and let your 'disordered thoughts' send you to the slaughter house. I am pretty sure the vast majority of people on here are not anorexic, but do suffer from some sort of eating disorder, and there is this very palpable vibe that anorexia is the 'coveted disease'. It suck just as much as any DISEASE. It is horrible and scary and lonely AND YOU WILL NEVER BE HAPPY WITH YOURSELF. I FELT JUST AS BAD ABOUT MYSELF AT 5'9 100 LBS AS I DID AT 130. I just needed to say this, as someone who has now been struggling for just over a year with a diagnosed anorexia, IT IS HELL, HELL, HELL. DO NOT talk yourself into some sugary fantasy about beautiful bones and feeling delicate and beautiful. It will never ever ever ever happen. Not because you wont be a bag of  "lovely, beautiful, graceful, PERFECT", bones. You will be, but you wont see it. You will see the same selfish, ugly, loud, evil, girl staring back in the mirror no matter how many pounds you starve away, and even if you recognize you are thin, you will come to the should-be obvious conclusion that, surprise, it doesn't change ANYTHING. So if you think there is a chance you dont really have an ED and are just on here because you think it sounds like a good way to fit into those true religions and get some attention, pull your head out of the clouds and FIGHT. You are worth it, but after the meat grinder experience of battling an eating disorder, that will be harder to recognize. And if you think you wont want to fight, you're wrong. You will, when you feel your body start to crumble and decay, you will wish you could be the strong, healthy, beautiful person you decided to destroy. But by the time you actually want to fight for your life (because your great little eating disorder will fucking KILL YOU) you won't be able to see two feet in front of you, you won't be able to make the decision to recover, not easily, not with out unimaginable pain. You will waste years of your life for no reason. Please, if you can, turn back now. I am so sick of girls just rolling over and giving into negative thoughts and allowing them to metastasize into anorexia and bulimia and binge eating disorder and every-other manner of hell we practice upon ourselves. It is not worth it. I promise.
FATFATFATFAT   Hey everyone, you can call me Charlotte. I've gained a ridiculous amount of weight recently and I'm trying to lose it all again, so I would really appreciate any support/tips/people to talk to! I'm 5'8" and my lowest weight was 104 pounds, but my weight is currently fluctuating between 118 and 122 pounds, and I feel huge. My current goal is to get back down to 104 pounds. I might want to lose more weight after that, but I'm not sure what my ultimate goal weight is yet. I've just started fasting, so hopefully that helps me reach my goal. Good luck everybody! I'd love somebody to talk to.
LOOKING FOR HELP?   Um..hey everyone. I'm new here and don't know much, I came here in hopes of getting some support on my endeavor to lose. I used to be really skinny when I first came to America, however life here became very stressful and busy that when I entered high school I gained a great amount of weight. I also went into a bit of depression and became extremely introverted and still am. I'm 17 now and entering my second year in college, I tried dieting as was suggested, before than I weighted 132lbs and only lost 4lbs and was extremely disappointed. I despise everything about my body, especially my legs and thighs. I'm now 128lbs and hope to get to 108lbs of possible. I would extremely appreciate any motivation, ideas, and tips that anyone can offer. I also hope to possibly get a pen-pal who can encourage me when things get tough as well as keep me in check. I would also love to do the same, we could encourage and help each other. Please let me know if anyone's interested. If anyone's interested in being pen-pals please msg: Email-Winterz.18.lost@gmail.com Kik-gothique829
HI~ I'M NEW   Just a little about myself~ My name is Kat , I'm 19, and I'm Anorexic I think i've had it for abouuuuttt 5 years now? I never really classified it as Anorexia until recently when my doctor confronted me about it. I used to be really skinny in middle school, under weight, but when i got into Highschool and got into an accident i started Homeschooling and gained all the weight. The biggest I've been was 144 And i am now 124 My goal weight is 100-105 maybe 95 I'm really looking for friends who know what I'm going through cause none of my friends understand me It'd be nice to seem normal ya know~
Okay, so this isn't my first time with an ED. I am a "recovered" anorexic with purging tendencies, who is now at a healthy weight and discharged from inpatient and outpatient services. I am 19, female and from the UK, other details will follow when contacted. I'll give tips/help and am looking for someone to vent to/encourage me. Let's be friends! Contact me:  Kik is @ bbabykitten vent is @ pppeachesxx snapchat is @ crowleysprincess tumblr @ minicattt.tumblr.com
Water Fast for Life Hello Guys I'm starting a Water Fast 1 November and I'm looking for a Fasting Buddy. Just someone to motivate you when times are tough. I really can do with someone to just remind me, what I am aiming for, when I need to hear it. Its true you cant tell someone you are Fasting.. cos it doesn't work. All I get is "you don't need to diet", "why do you want to kill yourself", "your metabolism will slow down", "Only fast for 3 days" etc etc etc, the list can go on and on. So support and understand amongst my Friends is not available - so on line I go. I don't have a time frame like 30 days or so... But my guess is, it would be longer than 30 days!  Even if you are not planning on Fasting that long... it would just be nice to know that you there. Reasons for Fasting... weight loss is a very big reason, but even so - its comes 2nd. My first reason is Colon bases... mine is screwed, along with my stomach lining and digestive and elimination track. Food does actually kill me. I'm hoping the Fast can cure that.  So here goes nothing! Love ya all! x
aaaahhhh well today was a ok day. Not to much drama just here feeling lonley as myself. I ate 800 worth of calories im still a little pissed off at myself but at leats its not that much as the other daya but still. I went on a long long walk so maybe burned half of it. Right now i know for a fact im going to fast tomorrow i hate my body i saw myself today and i hate it just seeing me makes me sad and sick im a cow aaahhh fuck my life i hate myself why am i a fat ass well im going to pop some laxitive to feel better oh well. lets see how it goes tomorrow with my fast i dont want to eat ahhh wish me luck
I always felt better when I didn't eat. I guess I believed that maybe one day I would be able to look acceptable and soon it became a way of life. I saw that I was losing weight, but that wasnt enough. I wanted to lose more.  Remember to have Your Say. For a very long time I believed that it was my own thoughts and it took a lot of time - about a year - to be able to accept that they werent my own thoughts but something else.  It had convinced me that if I lost enough weight and became thin then I would also become acceptable and successful. I believed this lie for a long time.  This went on for a long time and my doctor told my parents to just let me do whatever and that I would eat when I was hungry.  I kept to myself that I was putting up with the constant bullying that no one else could see. They didn't understand and there was no way that I could tell them about my reasoning.  Looking back, that was a stupid thing to do.  I don't like seeing my reflection in mirrors as I hate everything I see. Wherever I am I always analyse the people around me to figure out who looks better than me.  Even though I'm getting better, my eating disorder doesn't stop telling me how disgusting I am, how fat I am and how I'm so worthless.  Eating disorders are not just about the food. There is so much more. They distort reality and you begin to believe these lies and nothing else. You live a life full of anxiety and fear. It's a scary way to live your life, it really is.  I've made it this far and one day, maybe I'll be able to say that I've beaten this eating disorder that has taken so much. It's not an easy thing to do
I have suffered from an eating disorder and I am currently recovered although I think it never really goes away; it will always linger around and will strike when stress arises. I notice in times of stress that I start paying more attention to my diet because it is still one of the things i do have control over. Even in times when there isnt stress in my life,I am still not able to eat a whole mars bar (too scary), and when I am angry with myself I still punish myself with not eating. Sometimes I wonder whether I need the control not because the things in my life are out of my control, but because I am out of control internally and I am not feeling balanced emotionally. It is fascinating to see how many people are actually suffering from disordered eating. I see more and more people in my environment with disordered eating behaviours and quilt feelings about eating. I think anorexia is in some cases a reaction to the other extreme, obesity. Both caused by either a lack of control in life or a lonely empty feeling that is caused by a society of having to achieve and be perfect. I am trying to make something positive out of my experience by giving a workshop to teenage girls. I have done the `Body think` training of the Butterfly Foundation in order to educate teenagers about positive body image. I believe a positive body image will prevent emotional imbalances from becoming dangerous eating disorders.
My eating disorder has got hold of me and everyday I feel revolting, miserable, and totally confused about my thoughts. I feel that I`m insane- I don`t know which thoughts are my own and which are not. I feel that nobody can convince me otherwise in my thinking that people don`t like someone as much when they are fatter. I have that notion firmly implanted in my brain, and I feel it`s unerasable.  I convince myself that it`s too much for me, and then I try to live normally... and it never happens. Because I CAN`T live normally and I am not allowed to.. and my eating disorder tells me that I actaully don`t want to... and so I am trapped forever. It has me, in every possible way. And it doesn`t want me to let it go, and it convinces me that I don`t want to let it go. How do you help that? Won`t somebody please help us..
Let the Challenge Begin… November 30, 2014 love2bethin4life 10 day challenge, 5lbs, challenge, extreme diet 2 Comments Monday, the beginning of a fresh week and the start of the challenge! Your all probably wondering what the challenge actually is, so I will get to the point. Myself and fellow pro-ana chat members are competing to be the first one to lose 5lbs (approx. 2kg) whilst also following the 10 day challenge —> I’m also going to pay for a weeks gym access… maybe more if I can afford it, but I’ll cross that bridge later. Anyway, feel free to participate in the challenge. I will be posting my points from the 10 day challenge everyday so if you want you can also post yours bellow as a comment, I would love to see that <3. Stay strong – A oxoxo
Tips: 1) It takes 12 hours before your body starts feeding on its own fat. So don’t eat before 7am and after 6pm … your giving yourself a 13 hour fast. 2) If your craving something, grab a glass of water and count to 50. If that doesn’t work, brush your teeth. 3) Feeling hungry… chew some sugar free gum 4) Drink tea, it suppress your appetite (honestly, I couldn’t survive without it) 5) Plain celery is your best friend because you end up burning calories as you chew. 6) Use small plates, it tricks your body into thinking its going to get more. 7) Drink water. Especially before, during and after each meal, it makes your fuller without adding extra calories. 8) If you must go out somewhere, take only the bare minimum amount of money so you cant buy food. 9) Always leave something on your plate, it will stop you compulsively finishing of your meal. 10) When you have a strong craving, go as far away from the kitchen. Lock yourself in your room for an hour and the craving will be gone.
Tips to Workout & Stay Motivated Rise and Shine: Set you alarm clock back an hour every three to four days. By allowing yourself time in the morning, your more likely to workout. 1. your not tiered from your day, 2. You cant make excuses about having a bad day or being tired and 3. you got up specifically to exercises. Plan Plan Plan: Plan your workouts beforehand and set out your workout clothes the night before. Lazy days: Even if you have a lazy day, SO SOMETHING. Do light exercise such as walking, yoga and pilates. Hey, you can even dance along to an fav upbeat song. Scorching Boring: Don’t make it boring, do things you enjoy and dont forget to mix up your exercises/workouts. Remembering your progress: Keep a journal for your workouts. Every time you improve and find yourself doing a little extra time on the treadmill,  write it down. When your feeling unmotivated, look through your the pages and see your progress. Make it a Habit: After a while, exercise will become a habit and it will be much easier to get your butt out of bed for. Motivational Tip: Get a cork board and cover it with pictures of people who have your dream body. Put it where you are going to see it everyday… its a constant reminder for you. – A oxoxox
Body Checks photo pile It is bloody hot in England today: 36* I'm at home, keeping an eye on an elderly relative and my pet rabbit who is pretty fluffy. So for all of 5 minutes, I was in the garden doing some body check photos (wearing summer clothes). My face has been deliberately left out, to keep some anonymity. *There are more photos but internet on my fone has gone to crap, so I'll save just these for now BMI today is 17.7.
144 144lbs that is, when I stepped on the scales test morning. BMI 18.4. So the number is not as bad as I thought but I feel big anyway. Story of my adult life! ?? Because the weight number sounds high regardless, I feel like I have to specify BMI to clarify I'm not medically overweight. There was a question on MPA asking "Who are you in competition with?" Myself. Each goal weight needs to be beaten by reaching it, then getting lower. Ultimately its a race that cannot be won, but I'm running it anyway. That might be where disorder overtakes logic? LW: 135lbs/BMI 17.3. in Nov 2016
Time to find Thin Regardless of other people perceiving me as "slim" or "thin" or similar, I've rarely seen it. It's time to find it. There are tiny hints of what could be, but they are not enough. Weight/BMI: Approx 146lbs/18.7 at 6ft 2". The weight will be checked tomorrow morning.
Introduction to blog heyo! so i'm starting this blog because i am sick and tired of failing to lose weight and ending back up at my goal weight and hating myself. this blog will include daily weigh ins, daily food intake and i will also be sharing my struggles and tips that i have! My current weight is 166.4 which will go up tmrw because i binged but im gonna fast tmrw. my goal weight is 130 lbs but i would be SOOO HAPPY if i could get under it. i have been attempting to diet and exercise for 3 weeks and have failed badly so THIS NEEDS to change.
Why oh Why Driving home from work this week I have been listening to one of my favourite CD’s, Ben Haenow. The last track on the album is my favourite ("Something I need") and the first few lines are thought provoking: “I had a dream the other night, about how we only get one life”. It is a coincidence (or fate, as I like to believe)that I have been reading one of my diaries from school as well this week and on the 12th January 2004, aged 15, I wrote: “I really hope I do get to be an athlete when I’m older because you only get one life and that’s what I want to do in it”. It is true. We do only get one life and it is what we make of it. But unfortunately, anorexia has robbed me of much of my life. And here I am, at 27, with many years wasted due to anorexia and still, at present, time (and life) is passing by while I stay clinging on. Why, I ask, do I stay holding on to this devil that is anorexia when it has destroyed and continues to destroy so much of my life? My dreams have been shattered, my self-esteem and confidence demolished, my health and fertility wrecked, my friends vanished, my family exhausted, much of my life lost…all thanks to anorexia. This is the destruction it has caused yet I still cling on to it for dear life. But anorexia doesn’t allow life, at best, you get an existence. And I know this, I am well aware of how demonic anorexia is and I know that my life is slipping by as I remain in its clutches. But I can’t let go. And I don’t know why. Logic and common sense do not prevail. Anorexia destroys and it led me to this Something that is making me so miserable you would think I would try and get rid of at every opportunity. But my mind tells me, Yes life is miserable with anorexia but it would be even worse without it and I need it to cope with the trials of daily life. I am nothing without anorexia; it is my identity, it is who I am. I have never been, and never will be the pretty one, or the chatty one, or the fun one so at least, by having anorexia I can be someone…the anorexic one. But to most people this isn’t an attractive or likeable trait and again, my head knows this but still, it has me trapped. Anorexia has been a part of my life now for so long I can’t remember a time without it. I think fear has a big part to play in my hold for anorexia. Fear of the unknown and fear of disappointment. Life is full of disappointments and I can’t deal with them, so I will just stick with being anorexic. The thought of change is scary and another saying that seems relevant to my life-better the devil you know. But is this true? This week, there have been two highlights, occasions where I have actually felt happy and anorexia was non-existent during these times. It is only over the past year that I have started to have moments of happiness. Yes, they are few and far between but they are there. Tuesday night I went to my athletics training and I loved it. More than I ever have before. Not because I was burning calories, not because I was pushing my body, I was just enjoying running and doing it with other people. And ‘exercise’ and ‘enjoy’ are two words I never thought I would use in the same sentence…this was something anorexia had robbed me of as well. Exercise had become a chore, I was a slave to it, and I hated it. But not my current athletics training. This I truly do enjoy. The second happy occasion was Friday afternoon, going to the cinema with a friend. A really good friend. And I had a really good time. Anorexia has prevented me going to the cinema in the past. It took away friends that I could go with and it took away my ability to sit down. Going to the cinema with a friend is just a small thing and something that everyone else does in everyday life. But it is a small thing that has made a big difference to me. Being with great company, chatting, and doing something together, now that made me happy. Me at the cinema with my good friend Both those occasions during the week made me happier than anorexia has ever made me. And I know moments like these would probably become more regular the more I let go of anorexia. My life would be more independent, care-free, spontaneous and enjoyable (probably) if I were to let go of anorexia. But I can’t and it frustrates me. Why does such a big part of me still WANT to be anorexic? Why can’t I want, 100%, wholeheartedly, to get better completely? This would make the idea of ‘recovery’ so much easier, because I could just get on and do it. However, before there wasn’t even 1% of me wanting to get better and now it is something I do think about and a fair amount of the time I do want. So, at the moment I am living in a state of confusion and it causes stress. I want to be anorexic, I want to be better. I want to lose weight, I want to have a life. I’m scared of losing anorexia, I’m scared of life staying like it is. Daily battles in my head that I have to fight. But at least now the counter arguments to anorexia are there. And hopefully they will keep niggling away, chipping down my grip on anorexia until one day, I will face the fear and make the change. There is a lot about me and my anorexia that I don’t know, but that I do know.
Today was mentally horrible but I restricted to 70 calories! So today I had a whole bunch of issues with 2 of the guys I'm talking to. I made it very clear that I didn't want a relationship but for whatever reason they both decided to have a meltdown about that today and I'm pretty sure I basically lost them both. Because of this happening I stayed in my room most of the day and slept after working out for about an hour! So the only thing I had today was tea(0) and coffee(35) for breakfast and then a plain rice cake(35) for dinner! I also lost 1.4 pounds so I'm completely happy I don't even care about anything else that happened!!!
What the fuck has my life come to.. So, I attempted to date.. :/ He shows up 30mins late in a tracksuit -_- Chats up the girl taking our order, then goes on to tell me he was chatting her up  incase I didn't know.. Oh and at one point he called me a dick?! I think it was when he was telling me about how he'd slept with 3 people in 24 hours... oh and there was something about a cow he reared that wouldn't eat so choked on solids and they had to step on it's belly and then went on to make noises in the middle of Nando's in case I didn't know what sound a cow made.... oh and did I mention he didn't even pay for me..? He just ordered his food chatted up the girl and walked back to the table.. :/ I don't have a clue how someone could act like that..I pulled the old "oh no my friends have an emergency I need to go..." trick lol Hope everybody else is ok & doesn't have to deal with shit like this.. I've lost about a stone again, don't know why I allow myself to get this huge.. Back in size 12/14..down to working about 65 hours a week and having no time to eat...? Even though I work at a chinese restaurant! *High5 to me* 
Its hard I fasted for a total of 66hours drank soo much water and have lost 1.6lbs :) I know I could've lost more but I weighed after I ate instead of before, mainly because my scales are messed up and keep messing with me saying 160lbs 165lbs until it finally showed me 170lbs like 10 times yesterday... Aghh its hard my boyfriend is like why aren't you eating?  I said I ate at work and hes obviously shocked Im handling 5mins without stuffing my face he says hes worried...?  Like how am I supposed to do this if I cant even last 3days without someone forcing me to eat.... And I still haven't started my course and im still fat and im so annoyed I said I wouldn't allow myself and look at me now fat face chest belly bums & legs I hate it all . I did buy my B6 & B12 though they are the only thing keeping me awake I want to sleep but instead im gonna do pilates and jumping jacks and crunches until 10pm so I can shower and hide my exercise evidence before the boyfriend gets home @ 11pm. I was reading blogs I followed before and so much has changed most of you are gone some have sadly passed...but the ones that are still here and still going you are my motivation everyday and I will get down to my GW. No matter what.
Im back I dont know if anyone is still out there, im sorry I left.  Its been so long oh so long and yet shes back mia is back. So much has changed I didn't think of her at all. Until today I want this fat gone! Im currently 170lbs ohh I feel sick just typing it thats just not what I expected... I feel so sick I haven't eaten all day its come back so quick ive spent hours looking at thinspo I dont ever want to eat again... My goal weight is 130lbs perfect weight 100lbs... it starts today. Reading through my last posts make me cry but i need it it reminds me of hoq much I wanted it then and somehow old me has become an inspiration... I missed you...♥
Heyy ya'lll Like omg i have no posted in so long im so sorry XD my life is sooooo busy We have so much to catch up on 1)ive lost 5lbs :/ not because ive tried bt because im so busy i dnt really eat 2)theres no boy anymore :'( yes we tried again and yes he let me down again...he started been really mean and patronising and started talking to me like i was a twat...the worst thing was "i think yu need to start going gym again..." C*&T!! aghh hes stressd me out but now that hes not around i can get bk on track :) 3)im back in contact with my best friend!! :) Basically we stopped talking about 3years ago bcs of some sillyness but she ws my beat friend from wen we ws 11...she got back in contact with me and im so happy like i dnt need a bf right now shes the funniest person alive and i love her to bits BUT shes a size 6 (uk) like seriously im the fat friend :( i hate it so i need to do something about this lool its hard bcs shes tryna put on weight and im tryna lose...like really?! Lool but its kool we're gna meet half way 8st and a half :) 3) uni is foooookiiinnn hard !! Lool ive got so much work to do i gt 2 reports due in 2nd dec aghhh its too much stress like reli this is my week Monday-friday: uni 9-5 2evenings: work 6-10pm Sundays: work 9am-9:30pm And then i try to go gym as much as possible and see my friends and family....i swear to god there isnt one day i cn sleep past 7am But yu knw what im hoping to loose more weight Im having "that time of the month" at the moment so i feel like shit 4) this is prob the worst for me I miss sex!!! Looool I havnt had any in like a month i swear i miss havin a bf :( life wudnt b as bad if i was still gtin some action bt theres a drought going on looooool  Anyway girlies i hope yur all doing much better than me  Love you all x
Back On Track!! :) Right so got my new laptop im not gonna be on my phone anymore so i can do actual posts. i will post daily-ish lol  i have a plan to get skinny again im upset that i cant seem to stick to my restricting im like doing good all day.. get home and eat like a starved child. my motivation has more than gone its vanished, left, deserted to say the least because of uni my priorities are all over the place :( im going gym monday-wednesday-friday but the boy goes with me (following..literally) and after about an hour and a half he wants to leave..i swear i could live there... anyway because my restricting to max 1000calories my body keeps flactuating (if thats the word..im tired) so i have a new plan i literally just saw this on some website so im copying (cat) and going to give it a go Day1:1000cal                                      Day2:400cal                  Day3: 300cal Day4:400cal                                        Day5: 500cal                 Day6: 450cal Day7: 650cal                                       Day8: 650cal                 Day9:400cal Day10: 300ca                                      Day11:400cal                Day12: 500cal Day13: 450cal                                     Day14: 650cal               Day15:700cal Day16: 400cal                                     Day17: 300cal               Day18:400cal Day19: 450cal                                     Day20: 500cal               Day21: 650cal Day22: 700cal                                     Day23: 400cal               Day24: 300cal Day25: 450cal                                     Day26: 500cal               Day27:450cal Day28: 650cal                                     Day29: 700cal               Day30: 400cal Day31:FAST!!  doesnt look too bad right? i like that i have a guide because with my 1000max limit im like yhh its alright if i eat this...and this...and this...oh forget it..binge. bad times anyway i was at work today ll ill and dying of tonsalities(the throat thing) im literally like all looking dodgy and out of any day or anytime to come in...my new sexy manager comes in :S why?!! why me??!! whyyyyyyy :'( he saw me all ill and dying and ahh he must thing im a hobo definetly lool i saw him on facebook but i was like allow that ive met him like once..how eager would i look seriously i need to stop my facebook stalking Ha! anyway girlies i hope your all good :) and healthy and skinny and Beautiful :) love to you all xxx
/#&%**#&&* AGH... im the fattest stupidest weakest person.. back to 67kg!! aghh my clothes are tight my skin is horrid  I hate myself and this stupid fat Why can i not stop eating Why can i not say no Why can i not be skinny The boy makes her go away Mia leaves me shes gone I no longer feel hunger I no longer feel belly aches I no longer purge And i hate it Im full up all the time  That disguisting feeling of eating too much is all i feel Mia please come back Help me again Help me be skinny Help me take control again Thinspo Be My Love Again... Could i ever Be Happy, InLove And Skinny? But Really Being Skinny Is Happiness And I Will Find Love So Sacrifices Have To Be Made I Will Be Skinny I Will Loose Min 4lbs A Week I Dnt Care Hw But I Will * :/ *
Day 2 veggies!!! Aka fruit lol I am an idiot for work today I packed a bunch of fruit.... On veggie day lol! Just remembered now and it's abit too late to go back.. Oh well whatever I'll just have fruit at work l and have veg when I get home tonight. I didn't have time this morning to get a bowl of soup so i wont have anything but fruit which is ok, I'll just have it when I get home for dinner I guess.  So guess what.. My boss bought fish & chips last night for the staff coz we work til 9pm and I had some argh, but u know what I'm not gonna count it as a cheat, as long as I can get right back up again, which I did, ill b ok, & that doesn't mean I'll do it all the time either. Beau is so over it already lol that's fine by me, it's not like I expected him to last he had take out last night and stuffed his face with a few chocolates at work, oh well! As long as we don't have it in the house I guess I'll get over it.  TBH last night after I had the fish & chips my boss got I tried to purge, didn't really work!! I stopped and thought wtf am I doing!!?? I can't start that again... Right???  It's so damn cold! I just wanna b home in bed, I really can't wait until tomorrow is over so my wknd can begin:-)  I got really annoyed with B last night coz I was kinda looking forward to spending the wknd with him and I told him that all week until last night he decides to make plans for ppl to come round,& not any ppl a person in particular that I'm not really a fan of. His so into drugs it's not funny, I mean he can b a really nice guy and all without that but noooo... & he just influenced beau to do it too, I don't wanna sound like a bitch but beau doesn't really do any of that anymore but whenever ..Friend... Is around beau gets into it and it just frustrates me. Sorry bout the rant. Off to work I go!
Blah So I'm noT losing anything what the hell? Day 3 fruit and veg today but my scales has not shifted!  Bit annoyed really, tonight we have "friends" coming over, I really cbf!! I just wanna go home and relax not go home and put up with idiots! I sound horrible but I just don't feel like having em round especially coz of who it is. Nothing else to say, no weightless, no gain, no nothing!  On another note I'm starting to hate this app, I can't comment on posts I can't see everyone's profile properly, I can't follow new ppl & I don't have a dash bored!!!
Fml Need to get some ideas for a diet, that actually works unlike the soup diet I just did, been so good yet nothing happened I'm still the same fat weight as I was two weeks ago!  Starting to think I Should just eat fruit and veg an have a salad every night for dinner an a proper meal at lunch time like a sandwich or something!!! Blahhhh
Motivation???... Someone.... Somewhere???? Ok nothing is working, im in desperate need of motivation... So bad it's not even funny! My life sucks right now, B got the sack last week so we're stuck on a single income (mine) my eating sucks, my exercise is lost and I'm not sure I'll find it anytime soon... I feel fat and pathetic!  Blah! I never post cause I'm so hopeless there isn't anything worth saying, if I do it will just be a rant like this post and I'm sure nobody wants to read that....  I need a plan, a diet, a fitness program, a lifestyle change... Something!!!!
Healthy start So.. I'm on the road to a new body started my clean eating plan yesterday (Monday) joined up at the gym as well and started packing really healthy lunches and snacks for work. Today: Breakfast-oats with rice milk blueberries and a dash of cinnamon  Morning snack- banana and strawberry smoothie made with Greek yoghurt. Lunch -rye wrap with chicken baby spinach tomato and cucumber. Afternoon snack -rye crackers with boiled egg and cottage cheese. Dinner- kangaroo steak and steamed broccoli and cauliflower. It sounds like a lot but there's really not much calories in everything if u think about it, I'm supposed to eat 5-6 small meals a day every 2-3 hours. Anyway I'm really enjoying it so far even tho it's only day 2. I should take some pics of myself for before shots! I hate those but hopefully I can make one of those awesome before and after pictures  Other than that beau finally got a job, hence the reason we can afford to go to the gym now even tho I am paying for him, I guess he paid for me last time we went to the other gym so yea... This is great I feel like this will be one of the best summers everrr!! I got such a good deal joining up, didn't pay a start up fee or anything because the manager of the club lives with the girl I work with, she lives in a share house so anyway, still unfair she gets her membership for free tho lol.  So that's all for now, hope everyone is doing well.
I'm Back... Hey guys, Thank you for all your kind words! Thought I might put a little something as i'm feeling a bit more optimistic! Yesterday I lost 2lbs, because I had half a roast chicken sandwich and a handful of grapes, and did a 4 mile run- soooo proud of myself! So today me and the bf are having a summer salad out in the garden cause it is just such dreamy weather, so hopefully that i'll help keep the lbs off! I now know how much support I have on here, and hopefully I can regain my blogging routine. Strawberry, I eat oranges instead cause I despise grapefruit! Faaaaar to sour for my liking! And tuna is a god in disguise! ;) and yeah I'm going to try and have a lot more steamed broccoli and cauliflower if I get hunger pangs. But recently I'm just not feeling hungry! Today I had a petit filous and the other half of the sandwich from yesterday, so I'm doing well. I just keep thinking, don't! because you will hate yourself tomorrow. Thank you so much for everything :) Here's some summer thinpso for you all to enjoy :) Xxx
Help. I miss the old Blogger, not that that matters, but these just don't feel like my posts anymore! I can gradually feel myself getting fatter day by day, hour my hour. And I'm doing nothing to stop it! I haven't been to the gym in god knows how long, and I just keep making myself believe that sex will burn it off, and weed will keep my metabolism burning at an intense rate, and food and moderation is the key! When it isn't! It's the devil! Food is making me fat, and moderation, should be starvation. And I need to regain control! I am in such a depressive stage and I wish I could get back to my 90lb self that I was little until 5 years ago.  Skinny, Happy.  And skinny.  That was all that mattered back then.  Now I am fat.  And unhappy. I need you guys. I need to get out of my rut. Please help me I know I can do this. I just need guidance xxx
Intro... I've never been good at first impressions... There is so much to consider with them. We were told at a training day, "You only have 30 seconds to approach someone new. And 4 minutes after that to wow them with your personality" 4 minutes to change their judgement of you. Everything about you. The way you look, dress, sound smile, stand, smell. They will know if you're friendly. Or if you're a bitch. If you're outgoing, or shy. If you're nice, funny, smart, a failure.. skinny........ or fat........ We all do it, heck I do it with every single person I pass by on the streets. Guessing if they're just naturally skinny, or going through the exact same thing that I wish I could be. Yes, I know that sounds bad of me but heck, I said i wasn’t good at first impressions.. But here? It's safe. Nobody judges. Because in all honesty, isn’t everybody who's reading this, thinking the same thing? We're all trying to achieve the same thing. Trying to BE the same thing. All wishing and wanting and desiring perfection. Complete. Utter. PERFECTION. But, I'm ashamed. I'm no where near the perfection I desire so badly. Not even close. I'm huge. In the past two years I’ve ballooned from 140 - 180 lbs. I've spent several days now purging and bingeing, and starving and running and binging and purging and running and fainting. Now I need to let this all out and a diary helped me through my worst days when I was younger. At least on here, I have someone who can relate to me. So here’s a few things you should know about me… - My hair has been just about every single shade under the sun. - Currently it’s dark brown. - I hate it. - My boyfriend loves my curves. I don’t know why he cant see how fat I am. - I used to cut. And it’s not something I’m proud of. It’s been 4 years and I still feel the urge. But I won't bring myself to it. - On here, I’m an open book. In real life, nobody knows what I am going through and the full details of my past. - I have to wear makeup. Absolutely have to. - I over think way too much. - I love to write. And I love to draw. Some day I WILL be a famous writer. - I don’t care if it’s gay. I dream of waking up and finding out that I’m a mermaid.. - I don’t listen to the music that people ‘assume’ I will like. I like that. I’ve always felt the need to be thin. I used to be very large in my younger years, and when I hit 13 my weight plummeted down to 120 lbs… I’ve never been able to reach that again. I hate myself for the incapacity to have so much self control over my weight. I need to get control back. I need to be perfect. I will have my perfect body and I will sustain it and I will fight to get there. Height: 5ft 8in Weight: 176lbs BMI: 26.8Goal Weight: 110lbs Goal BMI: 16.7 I will get there.
Dreaming... We all dream of complete, absolute perfection. Becoming those thinspirational pictures we stare at for hours on end. When somebody tells us we look 'weak', 'fragile' and that we 'need to get some meat on our bones'- that's like music to our ears. We dream of becoming gorgeously thin, with tiny perfect arms and legs, with sticking out ribs and collarbones. We dream of having complete self-control, of saying "No thank you" to every food forced upon us, saying "Yes please" to skinny in our minds. This isn't just a quick fix. It's a way of life. For life. And this is what we're meant to be. And we will give anything for our dreams. Starving, purging, control, running untill we're weak and faint with exhaustion. This isn't just our dream, it's our reality. Because it has to happen. It has to. She keeps me going. Always there in my head.  Today i lost a further 4lbs! I am so happy. I am now at 168lbs (12 stone)!!!! I am so happy!! I'm under 170lbs so i've only got 16lbs left to loose before my christmas target weight! My boyfriend is over at the moment, and i've convinved him i'm ill, therefore I can only eat a small portion of thin-a-soup in a mug to help my throat (win!!!) Keep going all you beautiful people, today is a good day! Think thin  X
Determination... Still have serious love for "Filter - Skinny" & "Catatonia - Bulimic Beats" & "Edith Backlund - Skinny"! Listen to it beauts! Will begin this by telling you my total fail in life today (in a sort of funny way)… Well..  In my lunch break I was oh-so organised and wrote down everything I planned to write in my blog… And I left it in the staff room…. Total. Fail… If anyone finds it? I’m screwed… Hopefully the cleaner will see it and throw it away :-/ I’m still laughing at it… but sort of in a funny/nervous way… Anyway… The bad news… Put on another frigging 1lb today! But that’s ENTIRELY my fault tbh. Fasted the whole day on Wednesday! So so soo proud of myself as that was my first ever (intentional) fast! Didn’t cave at all! Lived on green tea, black coffee, water and the flavour of my hot chocolate Avon lip balm on my lips :- ) Strange thing is, I expected to go to bed feeling hungry… Only I felt full :-S odd…So that was a good day and I woke up yesterday being 161lb!! Was so proud! ….. Notice ‘was’…. After work, already shattered, had to go up to my Auntie’s house, with mum, to thank her for my Christmas presents (she got me a travel mug which I LOVE, my Banksy diary, and a mug with a cosy on it!! Brilliant!) So when we arrived, she had just plated dinner, with leftovers (“lucky us” were my words exactly)… Spaghetti and meatballs… With parmesan bloody cheese… IN THE FRIGGING SAUCE! So not good, although we walked home (like, 20 minutes walk?) I still put on another 1lb today :-/ My own fault, although I didn’t eat it all obviously, said I was stuffed from my lunch at work (99kcal cup-a-soup)… But then of course, food being my weakness, I caved in an binged all night! What is wrong with me! I literally don’t have any self control… Whatsoever! Ate tons of Ritz crackers, a Chomp bar, and a bloody bowl of soup! As you can imagine my whole family must be over 16st hence the habit of continuos eating even when I’m not even hungry! Which I wasn’t! I was bored! My whole family is huge. Literally. All of them. As was I, and my sister, until she started Slim Fast. But today, I have fasted ALL day because I am determined today. Although walking to and from work (2ish miles) means I only burned roughly 250kcals so far today. Restarting my gym membership tomorrow so that means at least 2 spinning classes a week, plus a steady run there and back = a total of 1000kcals burned per day at least… That’s not too bad… Wish it was more tbh… Will definitely be pushing myself to the extremes once I get my fitness back!  Reading some of your lovely comments, I’ve re-thank/thunk/thinked (what the hell is the right tense????) my theory… Haha… Maybe 're-examined' would be better?... Anyways. I know when I’m fasting that I CANNOT eat. And I wont. And I havent. .. When I know I have a limit, I get home, and can’t help myself.  Hopefully when I get back to the gym I can spend more time there instead of being bored and home and ending the night in more shamless binging/purge sessions…  (Maybe there wasn’t a theory there at all tbh... Haha! I think it was just a realisation….) People at work are asking why I’m eating barely anything on my lunch break (they’re so f-cking nosey!!!) Its so awkward…  Telling them I’m on a diet... (which I tried last year and they know it worked for me -BHF diet if you’re wondering)...so I find it to much effort to bring the meals into work with me…. They’re buying that… For now. - Unfortunately I wrote this out on that goddamn piece of paper!!! I am sooooooooo idiotic at times!!! :-P I like that they worry... (and tell me I don’t need to loose weight- even though they’re lying because they don’t want fatty me to get skinnier than them)...but I wish they wouldn’t. They’re interfering! :-/ But there is a girl at work who is such an amazing friend. And really understands me! She knows a lot about my past etc, and she doesn’t judge at all. Accidentally spilled a bit of this to her :-/ she saw me adding up calories on the calculator xD ahaha! She doesn’t know everything but she knows I’m determined to get to my goal weight by fasting and not eating and she said “well I’ll support you as long as you don’t get ill and start worrying me!” She’s so amazing. But I trust her and I know it wont go further :- ) Its payday tomorrow. So if I drop to 160lbs tonight (which I better had, considering last time I fasted I went from 165 to 161!) then I will buy all my new skinny size 6/8 clothes from work and put away until I fit them. I will hang up the jeans (size 6) in front of my bed so I see them every single morning and wake up motivated :- D I know I said I wouldn’t buy anything, but, c’mon! I work in a clothes shop for Christ’s sake! What do you expect me to buy if I cant buy food? Ahaha… But I get my discount, and got vouchers for Christmas so its not going to be my big spree, just a bit of real life thinspirational for me to see day to day :-) On Tuesday hopefully my iPhone will arrive, so I’ll be able to blog on the move and see all of your wonderful updates and comment more (which I wish I did, because I know I love receiving them and hearing your amazingly kind words!) I always think of things I want to tell you guys, during the day, but the moment I get home, its like, poof :-/ I cant wait for the day I step on the scales and it doesn’t move :-/ that would be such a goddamn impossible dream, but hey, a girl can dream right?! Also, once I get nearer and nearer to my UGW I will start posting ideas of my tattoo designs etc… And my new measurements, and pictures of before and after, etc :-) Not much more to update on though sorry guys! If you haven’t read my last post then, welcome!... But I will be staying at the boyf’s house over the next two days. I will log on before I go to update you on my weight for the morning and how anything else goes between 9am and 3pm :- ) Also on my last post, I posted a thinpso picture of this girl holding a pencil by her side… And she was smaller than it.. That’s another goal for me, one day I will upload my very own version of that picture :-D  Finally, my replies to your comments! - wheniamskinny,I’llbepretty: how did your trip go? Hope you stayed strong, but everybody has off days girl :- ) you cheered me up so much! Thank you!  - stillimagining: I did have soup the next day, but found I didn’t want the food but was starving afterwards! May try fasting for 2 days next week… We’ll see… Thank you girl! - a friend of ana: I know! It’s crazy! 18inches is smaller than my bloody head! Ahaha! But she was such a beautiful woman, I think it’s do-able! Just need a hell of a lot of motivation! It’s a great website, 90% of them are so relatable! Thanks for the comment!  - Tatyana: Thank you again for your kind comments :-) I agree with you about the triggers :-/ I just need a bit more c control and being able to stop myself and say “No. I don’t need this” I felt SOOO unbelievably guilty in bed last night, but the night before, I loved feeling so happy with my control! :-) at least you’ll be able to remember the feeling of you in those jeans, I took a photo in my old size 8 jeans.. Urgh… not a good look. But I know I WILL fit them soon enough! We can both do it girly! :-) Hope you’re all keeping well, thank you again fro all of your amazing comments and lovely thoughts :-) stay strong and think thin :-) Food is a bitch, don’t let her win :-) her legs are incredible!!! i know i hate her, but DAYM! She had an incredible body. ( went a bit mad on the thinspo guys... Soz :-P ) Xxx
aand its gone.. i can't fucking eat anymore. i'm too fucking fat. at least.. thats what she tells me... wow, i'm tracking myself. this is a good sign. here we go. Me: it'll be okay if i eat some chocolate and some of these fatty cracker things. im way below the normal amount of food anyway, i couldnt have gone above 1000 calories today. Her: WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?????? Me: i'm enjoying this chocolate. it's yum. you didnt let me enjoy chocolate at christmas time. Her: because your FAT, and nothings changed! you've already gone over the limit today!! Me: it's okay, everyone has off days. Her: you can't afford to have off days, you FUCKING idiot, your birthday is in two weeks! Me: i've lost a kilo already! Her: one measly kilo, you're not even at your starting weight in year 9 yet. you're fucking fat. on your 18th everyones going to think your a fat cow compared to your 16th. and you wont want to look at the photos, just like after valedictory. you fucking whale. Me: ...*stumped*..... Her: good. you're not losing this fast enough, you've got to be at LEAST 52 kilos by your birthday weekend. no more eating. Me: you're right, it's the only way. breakfast though, it'll keep my metabolism up. Her: *sigh* you're right i guess. ONE weetbix. your limit is now 100 calories a day. Me: i can take this. i will be skinny. Her: yes you can! let's do this, let's get you gorgeous. ... Me: what will I do about tonight? Her: just stay up until you get hungry, then you can go to bed. that's the best we can do right now. Me: ok. starting tomorrow, i'll be strong. ... i can't stop listening.
all or nothing first of all, can anybody tell me how i can get notified of comments? i always tend to have to go into my blog and check. i just want one of those things like on myspace where it's like "new comments!" ha, i'm lazy. i decided that this whole 'losing weight slowly and healthily' thing was just a load of BS. it was TOO slow, and i gave up and binged. it's all or nothing for me. starting next monday, i will be fasting and restricting for summer. shouldn't be hard at all, considering i won't have exams to worry about and i can be anywhere and do whatever i want :) can't wait til freedom. the only thing that sucks about the upcoming freedom is it has to be summer. i HATE summer. i despise it. Here's a list why: 1. It's too hot to exercise, let alone MOVE 2. I get all sweaty and look like a bloated tomato 3. I have to wear clothes that reveal my fat-ness. 4. I break down a lot because of my lack of decent-looking clothing options 5. Clothes shopping is depressing, especially with... 6. BIKINIS!!!!!!!! 7. Can't eat soups :( 8. Having sex is exhausting and makes you all gross and sticky (and not for a good reason) 9. Sleeping in the same bed as my boyfriend is hard because he is a human furnace 10. People don't hug as much :( i love hugs :( 11. I hate icypoles, so when I'm hot i have to resort to icky Ice cream that melts everywhere and makes you stickier than summer sex 12. Makes me crave ice cream more. 13. CBF SUNSCREENING 14. ...and that leads to painful sunburn 15. You have to wear sunglasses and they slide off your nose and get annoying 17. My eye makeup (my trademark) sweats off 18. Having to deal with questions about why I like to wear tshirts and boardies over my bathers (fat stomach and scars on my legs) 19. The Beach! (bikinis + icky sand + salty water = PISSED OFF KATIE) 20. People always want to go out for fish and chips, which usually leads to B/P 21. Salads get boring after a while 22. Did I mention looking like a bloated tomato? 23. Can't do one of my favourite past-times, walking to Frankston, because of the heat 24. Too many BUGS! (i have a phobia of all insects) 25. Lack of sleep due to trying to kill all the aforementioned bugs 26. Being woken up by a buzzing mosquito just as I'm about to fall asleep! 27. Dresses. YUCK. 28. Have to show my fat arms. 29. BUGGGGGGGGGGSSSSSSSSSSS 30. Lack of motivation because of the stupid heat. 31. Winter coldness burns more calories. Enough said? Even so, here are some upsides that will benefit me this summer: 1. Too hot to heat fatty foods (aka chocolate, pasta, curries etc) 2. Excuse to just eat salads, it's too hot for anything else! 3. Cold water to boost metabolism 4. Yummy low-calorie fruit. 5. BOOST FRUIT SMOOOOTHIES when going out for lunch. once again, too hot for anything else. chyeah. and that's about it as far as the good bits of summer goes. so NOT looking forward to it. NOTE TO SELF: this is not the time to be writing blogs, go study for your exams tomorrow!
thin lisalisa asked me a question on my last blog.  Is there anything else (healthy) in your life that gives you the same sense of satisfaction and control? no. never. and it's never really been about control for me. well, kind of, at the start. but it was also about weight and food. it's still about weight and food. call me wanna-rexic, whatever, thats just how it is for me. i want to lose weight. i want to be thin. that's all it's ever been for me. i want collarbones, hipbones, cheekbones, wrist bones, shoulder bones...  thats all i ever wanted, and it's still what i want. and i am SO glad i threw out lasagne again tonight. mum just came in and lectured me about study. AGAIN. fucking hell why won't she just leave me alone? she thinks i should be getting 99% for fucking everything. well i'm not that fucking smart! i hate the expectations i have to live up to. it's moments like these that i get so angry that i skip meals. and i always get really upset when she does it after dinner, so i cant skip it. it makes me feel helpless. i rebel by not eating, and get thinner at the same time. maybe it isn't always about food.. i'd be cutting too, if it wasn't for the boy. everytime i used to cut myself, it'd be like cutting him twice as deep. as long as i'm with him, i don't cut. i'm over six months free of self harm now. i still have scars on my hands, arms, and most of all on my legs (which i never show anyway). tough reminder. i know i'd go back to cutting the second the boy ever breaks up with me. he keeps me alive.
:)? Hello lovelies. So today went well I think. I ate: 4 rice cakes = 120 shapers chocolate = 81 vegetable stir fry = 400? 2 x coffee = 10 3 x tea = 30 hot chocolate = 40 = 681. I'm sure that's wrong somehow because I don't feel hungry. Argggg I'm always so scared I've messed up counting my calories. Even though I've been doing this so damn long I know how to add for gods sake. Wep :( So the food side of things seems to be going okay? I've been well under 1000 the past 2 days. My goal is to get down to eating 500 a day. By next monday I will, definitely. Eat less and less each day. Get smaller and smaller and smaller. and disappear forever. Goodnight everyone. Rydw i'n caru ti, Kiki xx
Hello Strangers. Hello Lovelies. I am so so sorry I've been gone for so long. Stuff got crazy and I couldn't come back here. I never forgot you. I need to stop pretending that I can 'recover' and that I'm 'happy' in my 'body' because I'm not. I'm fatter than ever because they got worried and I relaxed and now I'm 180lbs. I know how disgusted you are with me, I'm in shock myself. I dusted off my trusty scale after all this time and I'm the heaviest I've ever been. So I'm starting anew. She's back in my head, screaming at the fat hanging from my bones. Crying at the sight of muscles snuggling under a duvet of blubber. She's back and she's stronger than ever. She's the one writing in my diary now, I haven't written anything in weeks. She's back and she's so disappointed in me I can't bear it. Today I ate 776 kcal. Tomorrow I will eat 500 kcal. Please comment me if you want me to follow you/ get back in touch. I've been out of the loop for so long I don't know who's still blogging, who's new, who's good... let me back in the loop :) I've missed you all so much. I've missed her so much. This feels like home, I'm so grateful. Rydw i'n caru ti, Kiki xx
Returning from the alps! Hello lovelies! Skiing was so much fun! I'm getting so much better, my trainer picked me to race for our Uni in one of the events! I was so fucking stoked :D It was wonderful. Thanks for all the comments on all my recent posts, sorry I haven't gotten round to replying, my life is so so so busy right now but I promise in my next post I'll reply to you beautiful ladies :) I've missed you all! I was down 5lbs when I got back from skiing which was awesome, except my mind hasn't accepted that I'm not doing 7 hours worth of exercise a day anymore. I've been eating like a pig for a week and now I'm too scared to weigh. I'm becoming scared of food too. Don't get me wrong, I've had an ED for almost 3 years but I've never been afraid of food. I don't know why. I avoided it, binged on it, ate normally, ate nothing, but was never afraid. Now I'm afraid. Really fucking afraid. Every time I allow myself to eat something it turns into a binge. I can't just have a normal sized meal anymore, I keep going and it's scaring me. Today for example, I ate greek yoghurt with banana for breakfast and decided to fast the rest of the day. I got hungry around 12pm but resisted until I couldn't concentrate on my work. I decided to allow myself half a sandwich so I could write my essay properly. I make the sandwich and eat it. Then 2 hot cross buns come out, I eat one while the other one is toasting. Then a packet of crisps Then 3 lines of galaxy chocolate. Then I stop, have a freak out and continue to write my essay. What the hell?? I've never had this before, I've heard of other people having this problem but I've never been like this. If I binge it's always kind of 'planned' you know? Never just mindless 'I'll have one sandwich.....nomonomnomnom on everything in sight' kind of...loss of control. I'm scared to eat now, which is a good thing I guess because I'm huge. I cut today as well. I've been trying so hard to stop but I swear this time is so much harder than last time. I need some sleep. Rydw i'n caru ti, Kiki xx
I got the 1am blues. Hello lovelies. It's 1am and I'm wide awake. I've been thinking about how I never bring up my own problems or fears with my friends or boyfriend, and if I do I follow it with a nervous laugh. I've told my boyfriend I'm terrified about failing this year, just in the jokey format of 'If I manage to pass this year I'll shake my own hand! hahaha'....You know, that thing we do when we want to express something serious but don't really want to discuss it but we do but we don't but we do but we don't but we aarrrghhhhhhh! I want to call my boyfriend and cry and tell him I'm not okay. I want to scream that I'm terrified that I'm going to fail my exams and that I'm falling right back into the pits of depression again. How can I tell him this when he still doesn't really know me? He doesn't know I've been cutting for 11 years - hell - he doesn't know I've ever cut. He doesn't know I have depression, how do you tell someone that? 'Hey, how're you? Good *kiss kiss* yeah well I'm not so good I thought I had control over my depression that I've been suffering with since I was 8 but after about 9 months of feeling fine it's all come crashing down around me and I just want to scream and cut and cry myself to sleep but I can't let anyone know what I'm going through but I want to tell you so badly. Oh and by the way I've had an eating disorder for 2 years but only now do I think it's 'peaking' if you will. Only now do I feel like I might actually get fucking skinny for once and I want you to worry and hold me...is that wrong? I don't know, I just feel fucking miserable. So yeah...that's how I feel today, do you want to go watch a film or something?' We've only been together a month and a half so I really can't unleash my crazy on him yet. He's made me more determined than ever to get thin though, for the simple reason that he's drop dead gorgeous. I see girls glare at me when we walk through town, my friends are jealous that I've got him and I'm determined to keep him! He's so lovely as well, just the perfect man really. He's tall, dark and handsome. He's got the perfect frame in my opinion, he's not skinny (hate that on guys) but he's flat, you know? Anyway, where was I? Oh yeah, he's gorgeous and perfect and I'm a fat heffalump. I'm not seeing him until the end of the week and I'm determined to get my stomach a bit slimmer by then. I want to be sliding size 10 jeans over my toned ass at the end of may. Hear that fat?! You're being EVICTED! Get the hell off my bones! Sorry for the randomness of this post and the last one, it's been a weird time. My mood has been flying around between extremes. Extreme stress, extreme motivation, extreme happiness, extreme depression, extremely overwhelmed, calm, extreme stress....you get the idea. Anyway, it's 1:06am now and I'm going to try and sleep but I have so much coffee in my system I doubt that'll happeeennnnn. Good night skinny lovelies :) Rydw i'n caru ti, Kiki xxx
Do you remember me? Hello lovelies. I'm back after another cheeky fling with recovery. I thought everything was fine and I was getting better, but then I weighed myself after 2 months of 'recovery' and saw a number I've never seen before and never want to see again: 175lbs. 175 fucking pounds of fucking fat. I literally felt sick when I saw what a mess I'd become, so I decided to spend the whole night flirting with my old friend razor blade. It felt so good to punish myself for my gluttony, but I realised I can't carry on dealing with failures like this. I need to deal with them by doing something about them. So here I am again, asking for your forgiveness, apologising for my disappearance, hoping you'll welcome me back into this circle. I've missed you all so much - I'm back now for good, I promise. I've decided to call this not a new start, but a new ending. I've had too many new starts and they've all ended in failure. This is my new ending, the beautiful ending I'm creating for myself. A beautiful, thin ending. Now I'm fully settled back into uni life after my placement (placement = place of evil wherein I gained 10lbs) I figure, what better way to step towards my new, beautiful ending than with the ABC diet. Week	Mon	Tues	Wed	Thurs	Fri	Sat	Sun Week 1	500	500	300	400	100	200	300 Week 2	400	500	Fast	150	200	400	350 Week 3	250	200	Fast	200	100	Fast	300 Week 4	250	200	150	100	50	100	200 Week 5	200	300	800	Fast	250	350	450 Week 6	Fast	500	450	400	350	300	250 Week 7	200	200	250	200	300	200	150 Week 8	Fast	ABC ends. I'm starting tomorrow with 500 cals. Does anyone want to join me? I've never done it before but I'm really excited to get back on track. I missed you all so much, did I mention that? Hope you've all been okay and you'll have me back :) I'll post again in a few days pinkie promise :) Rydw i'n caru ti, Kiki xx
No one knows the full story. Hello lovelies. I'm having a bit of an...I don't want to say epiphany but that's all I can describe it as. I've been thinking a lot lately about why and how I fell into this world, the world of ED. There hasn't been a direct trigger that has thrown me face first into this state of mind. I've had potential triggers, if that makes sense. I've had a fair few moments of trauma in my life which, should they had been directly followed by an ED I would understand but...they haven't. I did start cutting as a direct result of something. That I understand. But this? Seemingly out of the blue? That I don't. I stopped cutting about 2 years ago. It was so hard. It was like voluntarily shutting out a friend who knows exactly what to say to make you feel better, who has all the right words, all the right emotions, all the right blades. I'm wondering if I've subconsciously switched coping mechanisms. I used to cut when things went wrong, even little things, even nothing sometimes. I just found it comforting, like snuggling up under a blanket where nothing could hurt me. Nothing could hurt me except me, and I did just that. Is it possible that after almost a year of mental stability that I've fallen back? Is it possible that, without any direct trigger, I need my security blanket again? I can't use the old security blanket though, people recognize that one from when I curled up under it before. If I dug it out of the attic they'd know exactly what I was doing. I needed a new blanket that no one would suspect, and I got one. A brand-spanking new security blanket under which no one knows what I am doing. They just see a blanket, it's like my own secret world. My new friend. Did you ever sit up in bed and pull the duvet over your head and read or write or just be? No one knew what you were doing under there except you. Little do they know we're not reading or writing anymore, we're striving for something much more evident, something much more beautiful. We're all just writing under our duvets, we're all huddled under our security blankets. Why were we chosen? Why do we have to cope in such destructive ways? Why can't we just call up our friends and cry while eating ice cream? Why do we hide our sadness? Why can't we just talk about it? To someone, anyone... My problem now is, I'm feeling colder. I think I might need another blanket. I'm telling you, you're the only one who understands, you know that? It's difficult being so happy go lucky all the time. It's hard, it's all so hard. I don't want to break. Don't let me get the old blanket down, please don't. I can't cope on my own. I can't. I'm sorry for all this.. Rydw i'n caru ti, Kiki xx
It's Just Another Obsession I have had a fitbit for all of two weeks and I am absolutely obsessed. I'm obsessed with logging my food and activities, and making sure that I hit those goals. Always. It's just another kind of obsession.  It's not destructive in any way however, as I am following pretty closely to maintain a 500 cal deficit per day to lose 1kg a week. I have been allowing myself to eat sometimes as much as 1700 calories a day, but then picking that up with more exercise. I must admit, I do feel good - even if it's taking fucking ages to get skinny. When I say ages, I mean fucking ages. I am hovering around high 67's. I need to take an accurate weight tomorrow, cuz I got a bit drunk on Friday which fucks with hydration levels etc. I'm hoping I'm not enormously fat.  Anyway, I do have faith in what I am doing... And most importantly, I am fucking looking after myself.  Still vegan.  FP
"Once A Week" ... this is what I've told myself about my weight. That I'm going to 'weigh-in' - once a week, on a Saturday morning. Now, what this doesn't mean is that I'm only stepping on the scale 'once a week'. What this does mean is that I will only record weight as progress once a week on a Saturday morning. Along with my waist and hip measurements. I will of course weigh in every day, because fucked if I can stop myself. It's like that ritual... that thing we do (to quote eat, pray, love) to know how much self-loathing to take into the shower.  I am trying to let myself eat more, but it doesn't always happen. The good news is that it has been around 1200 cals, which is okay. According to the numbers, I should lose at least 1lb a week. I will get there.  It's been a few of good days. It has been a weekend of good days. I had 1200 on Friday through till yesterday. According to my app, that means I will weigh about 64 in five weeks. I don't believe that.  Nonetheless, I've decided that my goal weight is going to be between 64 and 65kgs for now. This is based on how I currently look at this weight. (Which was 68.8kg on Saturday morning; 76cm for waist, 91cm for hips.) I want to re-evaluate then. My goal is roughly a 70cm waist. That's all I really want, so whether that happens at my goal weight remains to be seen. My stomach is looking a lot better now that it's toned, so this is a whole new ballgame for me.  Once a week, the lie we tell ourselves.  FP
I Am So Over Starving Myself ... but it's the only way I know how to lose weight quickly. Us ED types know that losing a pound a week is just not enough.  My weight is gross, my eating habits are uncontrolled. I've been telling myself that I don't want to starve myself and that I can do this the 'normal' way by correcting my diet and exercising. But I just end up eating too much during the day and then I fail at night, because I'm like - well this extra 1000 calories isn't going to make a difference, so give me that jar of peanut butter.  Today, I'm gonna aim for 800 calories.  Thus far, I've had a small tortilla (122), a tiny avocado (100), free from cheese (50?) and a nectarine (63) and that's a total of 335 cals. I'm going to have a cup of coffee now with soy milk and then that's it till dinner. For dinner, I think I'll have the same tortilla wrap.  This has been the most fabulously lazy weekend, I've done nothing. And my flat is kinda clean, so I don't even have to worry too much about sorting that out either. I may do some laundry now.  A bit later, I've got yoga and I'm doing a double class - an hour and a half of normal and then an hour of restorative, which is almost better than sex.  I'm meant to be video chatting with Chris later, but I just don't feel mentally like I'm in a place where I want to speak to him. So I might skip that.  (Thank you Mandy for your comment, <3) Loving & Loveliness Xo Xo
So, I gave in and weighed myself. I know it's 10pm so I'm probably lighter than this normally, but it's still worse than I though. 161lbs. This is going to be my target plan and I need to stick to it.  Do any of you lovelies have any 'punishment' ideas for when you don't reach your targets? Fasting just doesn't work for me - I have to spend too much time awake! I would really appreciate your ideas :-) Anyway, here goes! Start weight (20/03): 161 26/03 - 158 2/04 - 155 9/04 - 152 16/04 - 149 23/04 - 146 30/04 - 143 7/05 - 140 14/05 - 137 21/05 - 134 28/05 - 131 4/06 - 128 11/06 - 125 18/06 - 122 25/06 - 119 2/07 - 116 9/07 - 113 16/07 - 110 23/07 - 107 30/07 - 104 - TARGET!! I was always happy at 107lbs. 104 would be perfect though :-) A long way to go and it's going to be a bloody awful journey, but I can do this. I have to. xxxx
sympathy for the devil I have finally cracked it! I'm lying in bed clutching at my stomach and have the biggest smile on my face because I'm back to where I should be. I can feel my belly tingling like little bells are rocking against the insides and ringing out the sound of success, of beauty and control and everything else. And I have no desire to eat at all.  I have been trying something different this time. Before, I could go straight from normal to 500 calories a day without any slow descent. My recent binging (that has been going on since 1 January!) is going to require a bit more of a downgrading, particularly seeing as I didn't put on any weight from eating takeaways and chocolate like it was going out of fashion due to a lot of exercise and sea kelp. I have been so busy at work that I don't really have enough time to eat much anymore. I have a slice of toast in the morning, copious amounts of tea and coffee throughout the day, a salad or soup for lunch, followed by perhaps some crisps, and then whatever my parents make for dinner. I am still mostly eat dinner at the moment. I skip it only once or twice a week: slow descents. I take any excuse at work to walk to other departments and rooms, fidgeting, fidgeting, fidgeting constantly. I haven't weighed myself for the past couple of days. I got my period on Friday which would explain why I was 119lbs, but that's also quite a promising sign. I will be 114lbs by the end of the week. Two people called me tiny on Saturday night. What a lovely word! A little misplaced right now but it will sound better next to my name soon enough.  I have a date tomorrow night. Another excuse to skip dinner!
the ice is getting thinner Tips I've picked up on my rounds on pro-ana sites that I think have potential/tried and tested: - Keep a stash of prothinspo images. Google image search 'go to' celebs you know wouldn't ever fail you for when you're feeling weak, eg Kate Bosworth, Kate Moss, Lindsay Lohan, Erin Wasson. - Drink black tea, black coffee or water whenever you feel hungry! The caffeine in tea and coffee will perk you up, the water will clean out your body and tea is filled with antioxidants. They also fill you up :-) - Wear a rubber band around your wrist and snap it when you want to eat. You will train yourself not to think about eating. - Eat in front of the mirror (naked or not!). - Fidget fidget fidget! - If you feel like you need to binge, go for a walk and make yourself busy for 20 minutes. If you're on your own, do starjumps in front of the mirror! - Chew very slowly. Break the food down as much as possible! You will feel fuller quicker. - Eat seaweed or take kelp pills to boost your metabolism. - Sleep as much as possible. Not only does that mean you skip meals, it is also proven that those that sleep more tend to eat less than those who do not.
Ana's Rules: 1. If you aren’t thin you aren’t attractive. 2. Being thin is more important than being healthy. 3. You must buy clothes, style your hair, take laxatives, starve yourself, do anything to make yourself look thinner. 4. Thou shall not eat without feeling guilty. 5. Thou shall not eat fattening food without punishing oneself afterwards. 6. Thou shall count calories and restrict intake accordingly. 7. What the scale says is the most important thing. 8. Losing weight is good/gaining weight is bad. 9. You can never be too thin. 10. Being thin and not eating are signs of true will power and success 11. Ana is a lifestyle not a diet
the 100 calorie workout :) (100 calorie workout #1 one time through this workout will burn 100 calories. each time you repeat it, you will burn 100 calories. there are 3500 calories in a pound, get to work 20 push-ups 15 squats 50 jumping jacks 30 crunches)
calories in common foods walnuts - 691cal hazelnuts - 654cal sunflower seeds - 584cal soy beans - 446cal quinoa - 368cal kidney beans - 337cal shiitake mushrooms - 296cal avacado - 160cal garlic - 149cal bananas - 89cal corn - 86cal
"You don't have to be invisible to disappear." In the months since I last posted, my support team has basically tripled in size. For a long time, it’s been my GP, dietitian, and psychologist. Now, since my NDIS plan has come into effect, I also have two support workers, a support coordinator, a drug & alcohol counselor, and an occupational therapist. The only day that I don’t have any appointments is Sunday. I see one support worker Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturday. The second one, who I only met a couple of weeks ago, I see Mondays and Thursdays. They’re there to mostly have a chat, help out with issues that might be bothering me, and day-to-day things. I see my GP and dietitian every other Tuesday, and my psychologist on alternate weeks. I see the drug & alcohol counselor every few weeks, to try to come up with coping mechanisms to cut back on drinking. My support coordinator basically runs things, but I don’t see him much, and the occupational therapist is every month or two (basically to set goals and create more routine in my days). The organization my support team are from run groups during the week. I’m supposed to try to get to them once or twice a month, but I haven’t yet (when I do, it’ll probably be the exercise oriented ones). They also do BBQs each Saturday, which I try to get to every 4-6 weeks. A few of the people there I already know pretty well from when I was living at the SRS, so that makes it easier to be around so many people. I’m still too nervous to eat at the BBQ, between eating in front of others and whipping out my scales like a weirdo, but my Support Worker buys me a coffee on the way. Since I’ve always been so isolated, I’ve never really had to deal with people pressuring me to eat. My family would ask if I’d like to try what they were cooking, and obviously wanted me to eat, but accept it when I declined. At the BBQ, even when none of them know explicitly about the ED, at least half a dozen people will ask “have you had something to eat?”, “aren’t you having lunch?”, “are you sure you don’t want something?” Even if I was hungry and the food smells good, I’d rather wait until I get home and cook a low-fat sausage in a dry pan and eat it in wholemeal, instead of a fatty budget sausage cooked in oil and put in white bread. None of it’s helping much at the moment, but it’s nice to have the extra support and know that, most days, there’ll be someone around if I need to talk. A few weeks ago, I slammed headfirst into a massive ED trigger. I won’t go into detail, because I don’t want to trigger anyone else with it. In the space of a few days, I made after hours crisis calls to my support worker, dietitian, The Butterfly Foundation (which I could unfortunately not get through to), Lifeline, and an emergency GP appointment. Those who know me, know that it takes a lot for me to actually pick up the phone, or to go and talk to a doctor I’ve never met before. I’ve had to be more cautious with food, with only the safest of safe foods on the menu to avoid another breakdown. I’m stocked up on fruits (currently apples, mandarins, kiwis, strawberries, watermelon and cantaloupe), yoghurt, crispbread, multigrain bread, and boiled eggs. If I want a main meal, I’ve got veggie soups and stews in the freezer, and I’ve always got things to make baked potatoes around (usually a little low-fat cheddar, garlic, and 97% fat-free shortcut bacon). One of my favorites is a light version of potato latke - a medium low carb potato, shredded and mixed with No Egg egg replacer, and cooked in a couple of teaspoons of butter. Even though I use a little butter, it still works out to under 200 cal. I’m also partial to chicken cooked in Mexican seasoning, to have with salad in either a wrap or a couple of crunchy taco shells. And with winter hitting hard, hot chocolates (45 cal) are flowing in abundance. It’s not 100% full proof. Especially if I’m drinking, my food choices vary (not so much by calories, but different options that aren’t necessarily as safe). On the plus side, I’m also drinking less, even though it’s mostly because of the calories. Last year, I consumed a total of 136,700 calories in alcohol alone. That translates to 17.75kg (39 lbs) extra on the scale that I could’ve lost if I didn’t drink. My dietitian is concerned that I’ve barely been getting any protein. I’ve been averaging 20g a day, and she wants me to get up to at least 40g. I’ve been trying to add in things like more yoghurt, boiled eggs, and nibbling on cashews instead of crispbread, but I still struggle to even hit 30g. Since the Big Trigger, it’s back down to barely 20g. My weight’s slowly been dropping since cutting down on drinking in the past year, although it’s been stagnant because I’ve been drinking more again in the last three months, mostly due to a lot of traumaversaries at this time of year. Whether I’m drinking or not, my food calories average around 600, but alcohol can easily add an extra 1,000 in a day. Mum has since decided to move back to Geelong, after spending months looking around the state to figure out where she wants to go. Our relationship has definitely improved in the past 6 months, but it’s not without effort. We’ve started going for walks, to get me out of the house and to help with her health issues. About a month ago, we did the walking track at the beach (unfortunately I did not take photos). Then last week, we did the river walk (pictures below). I’m still not getting out much - the only other outings this year have been two birthday dinners - but hopefully between these walks, the BBQ, and trying to start some of the groups, that might improve. I’m also going to be looking at a couple of places this week, for the first time since the house was sold in August. I’d been looking a lot before that, but since Billy passed, I lost all motivation. Even though it’s never been an overly pleasant place, the refuge has become even more stressful and depressing in recent months, and I need to get out of here, especially after being here since October. So wish me luck! And I’m sorry I’ve been terrible at answering comments and emails. When I get them, I tell myself I’ll post an update the next day, but can’t find the energy to get out of bed and sit at my laptop. I know I say it every time, but I really will try to update more often. xxBella
How to cut calories in everyday baking This isn't so much a recipe, but more a tip to apply with any recipe. Queenie asked me if I had any low-calorie cake recipes, and while I don't, I do have experience testing to see what's the best balance between fat content and final product. First of all, never cut all the fat from a cake! It's crucial to have some fat content to produce a proper texture. I'm going to fill you all in on my favourite ways to cut calories in cakes, and baking in general. Keep at least an egg yolk or a little oil in there - I prefer to use a low-fat margarine, with fat-free milk, fat-free egg replacer, and low-calorie sweetener. Skim Milk This is an obvious one. Just replace equal amounts full-fat milk with skim milk, and you'll cut calories. Low-Fat Margarine Spreads The lowest calorie one that I've been able to find is Weight Watcher's Canola Spread, which has 300 less calories per 125g than butter. I use this in my baking all the time, and have had no issues. I've tried using Applesauce, but it tends to give cakes a gummy, unpleasant, chewy texture. Artificial/Low Calorie Sweetener Again, an obvious one. Cutting a cup of sugar in favor of Splenda saves 700 calories! Vegan Egg Replacer For some reason, I have much better results with this than with egg whites. I use Orgran No Egg. One teaspoon is equal to one egg, but only 9 calories. In a two-egg recipe, this cuts 130 calories. Diet Soda This is not a method I'd recommend, but it works in a pinch. Get a box of cake mix (low-sugar is best, for lower calories) and mix it up with a can of diet soda. These tend to turn out with the same unpleasant texture as using applesauce, but not everyone minds. Cake Flour This doesn't cut calories, but it's just a handy tip. Especially when you're cutting fat from a cake, Cake Flour will produce a more tender cake, as it has a different protein content. It's worth getting if you can find it, or you can find recipes for making your own (like self-raising flour). I hope that these help you guys with your baking endeavors! Happy Eating! xxBella
Thank God It's Sunday Intake: 666 cal ;) Burnt running: 432 Burnt doing housework: 240 Net intake: -6 Chicken on toast for lunch with mum, scone & cupcake for afternoon tea, and only had 3/9 nachos I made for dinner because I was still so full. Success :) Only got in 2.5L water today, but it's better than nothing :) Plan for tomorrow: 200 cal, 500-1,000 burnt (have a visitor tomorrow, but not sure if it'll cut into my burn time, or eating plan for that matter :S). Hoping to get an hour of running and a few hours of cleaning in in the morning before she comes over. It's a little after 7PM now, so I'll easily be out by 8, up by 4AM. I'll try to get on the trainer earlier tomorrow, but no promises there (especially if housework comes first). Blood, sweat, and elbow grease! (Yes, I'm a bit of  a homemaker at heart) Weekends have started to be a slow time for me these past few weeks. Monday's are always great. Especially when I eat more on Sunday like I did today, I'm even more motivated for the week ahead. Today was a bit hard emotionally, and I don't expect tomorrow to be much better. I'm just getting anxious about no contact from J for so long, when things are 'finished-finished'. But I'm trying really hard to stay positive at the moment. Don't be surprised if I crash in a heap next week, though, but for now I'll just roll with the punches. Come at me, world! Hope you're all trying to stay positive, and motivated for the coming week! :) xxBella
Each day is getting easier and harder Since I had my frozen strawberry yoghurt (30) made last night, I could start my day earlier without waking people with loud kitchen appliances. I got up at 4, and at 4:30 I popped it from the fridge to the freezer, did a short warm-up run, and now I'm waiting for my yoghurt to freeze up a lite more :) So I'll be having breakfast at 5am, running again by 5:30. I want to get 45 minutes done before mum gets up, then another 15-45 depending on how I'm going. My friend who cancelled on me the other day is popping around at some point this afternoon, but I'm not too sure how long for. I asked her to come around after lunch, so I know I won't need to eat around her. Either way, busy morning, relaxing afternoon, <350 calories. I am disgusted by how much I've been eating the past few days, and I need to change it. So, the plan is to run 60-90 minutes this morning, keep on the move, then stop after lunch and relax (in the shed, away from food). Oh, and the soup I made last night? A-MAZ-ING! So dinner is sorted for the first time in days - no excuses :) Next measurement date: June 5th Next weigh (if measurements are on track): June 14th After I next weigh, I'm gonna start a 30 day challenge :)
She ridicules your body and it's size, She spills out all of these ridiculous lies. Nothing that she's saying, Matches with your weighing. You're tiny, so frail and weak, You can barely even speak. Collapsing, fainting, crying, The truth is that you're dying. You scream and beg for treatments, But refusal is quite frequent. Your weight just keeps on dropping, You show no signs of stopping. It's not your fault you're ill, You're cure might be a pill. Or hard work and support, A hospital admission, not short. Three months you were there, Tube fed, but lots of love and care. Some beautiful and inspiring nurses, To help remove those curses. The ones that trapped you for years, Unravelling all of your fears. You're healing, you are healing, You finally have some feeling. It's possible to recover, A new you, you'll discover. I promise you'll be okay, Anorexia won't get her way.
It's a Cycle Thank you so much haze, determined girl, The Secret Me, Anna and B. for your beautiful comments, it's so reassuring to know that I will always be welcomed back with open arms, that I have a place where I know that every part of me is accepted. I love you all. It's odd how this 'eating thing' starts and grows... To this day it's impossible to explain that jump from 'life not going well' to 'lose weight to no end, that'll fix it' but I'm sure you guys will understand. It's odd the way it tears away from you and then pulls you back in... at least that's what it has done to me. There are theories, sure -- I'm insecure, my life is unstable -- but people are still left standing asking 'why?' It's a fair question. Why? Why would a well-off, passably pretty, passably talented girl dream and dream of destroying herself in the way that I do? After all, I don't have 'problems'. I'm not disabled, or terminally ill, or physically bullied, or sexually abused, or starving to death in Africa. I'm 'starving' myself in Australia. I don't know... I enjoy the calorie counting... it calms me. I plan my days eating in the morning or even a day before but of course there are days when a spanner is chucked in the works. Today for example, I planned on eating around 500 calories and burning roughly the same amount but no, I get home and mum had bought me two rolls of sushi and a mini cake... so of course I eat that and my days intake has jumped up to 900... the gym is soon though so I'm alright for now... I can feel the fat hanging off my bones. I just feel oily and, well, fat. I can't wait to work it all off. I can't handle this feeling right now. I've stopped seeing my psychiatrist which I'm happy about. She was lovely but I couldn't continue seeing her when I knew I wasn't being 100% honest. I thought I was ready for recovery when I went... but I'm not. Which makes me happy... Things are all about to change... I graduate in a week and a half, followed by a month of exams and then high school is over for me forever. It's incredibly daunting even though I know I should be excited. I also have to go to the beach next week which I'm incredibly anxious about. I'm not ready. My body is not ready. No one wants to see this. I have a party this Friday that I'm looking forward to, I'm planning on keeping my calories low but my alcohol intake high and I'm going to dance dance dance (burn burn burn). Ha. That sounds a bit messed up. Oh, there's also a guy in my life at the moment. We're not officially going out but... who knows. I guess I'll elaborate more on that later. I'm sorry if my thoughts are ramshackled and all over the place. Again, I love you all to bits. xxxxxxxxx
Sorry seems to be the main word in my vocabulary... I'm back. I previously sort of recovered by myself unintentionally and I waited for ana to take me back. I've relapsed and now back with my lovely companion. I've missed her and you guys. There's so much to catch up on! I hope you guys don't mind having me back. It's going to take me some time to get back into the swing of things on here, I hope I don't dissapoint. Today's Intake: 483 Exercise: 493 Net: -10 I know this may sound bitter and twisted but I'm so glad that I'm back!!!! Lots and lots and lots and lots of undying love, Anafly xxx
Dear my body; I hate you. I really do. Thighs, please lose all unecessary baggage. Butt, please unload all of the junk from your trunk. Stomach, please oh please discard all of that fat that is so obviously there. Body, please become as perfect as the bodies of the women that walk down the Victoria's Secret runways, Or become as perfect as those bodies I see on thinspiration sites. Body, please became one that would be seen on a thinspiration site. That is all I have to say to you. Become perfect. Yours sincerely, Anafly xxx
On the road to skinny There was always a part of me that liked my body and hated the other part of me that hated my body. Now that part has gone. All of me hates my body. I'm sick of it. Sick of it. Fat, just go away, make it easier for me. Or maybe food, maybe you could go away. Temptation go away. How about all of it go away: the fat, the temptation and the food. Yeah sounds like a plan. Today I've already consumed a lot: breakfast: piece of bread with nutella, 2 pieces of toast with avocado and tomato. I blame it on holidays. Anyway that is all I plan on eating today until dinner and then I'll only consume a little bit. I will ignore all temptations. Then I will be back on track, I will be back on the horse riding under the sun on the road to skinny skinny skinny. But that's not all I want. As I travel this path to skinny skinny skinny I also want to gain attention, love and happiness. Even though I don't want people to notice what I'm doing to my body I also hope that eventually people will; but the fact that people may notice also scares me because I don't know what they'll do once they notice. It's all so confusing but now I don't care. I'm determined. My goal is set. That feeling in my stomach now, the feeling of being full, learn to hate it and steer clear from it. A full stomach = a fat stomach, fat thighs, a fat butt. Remember that now, that is vital information. Hopefully the next couple of days are easier, much easier. NO PIGGING OUT FOR ME!
Skinny Love I'm so sorry to brag gorgeous girls but today has been another good day for my eating, I'm thanking a relaxing weekend at home. Breakfast: an avocado roll, = 149 calories Lunch: 3 raw cauliflower flowerets (isn't floweret an awesome word? I just learnt today that that is what the little cauliflower pieces are called) and a mug of rose and french vanilla tea, = 10 calories I haven't had dinner yet but am planning on having 1 cup of cauliflower soup which will equal to 93 calories. This will bring todays calorie intake to 252. Woohoooo :P I'm not under 49 kilos yet though... I think I'm going to have to keep on going for a little while for that to happen. Now girlies, I need your help. I've realised that a lot of my meals have carbohydrates as I loooove bread *licks lips* and I don't mind the odd pasta. Any suggestions on vegetarian meals that don't have a lot of carbohydrates? Good luck with the week, think skinny Love you all, Anafly xxx
So obviously the US and Australia differ greatly in food and I thought a thread where Aussies could share low cal foods would be good. I'll start! All of these can be found at Woolworth's! I bulk buy the fish from Costco. Also Curly Wurly's I get from convenient stores because Woolies didn't have them -___- Here is my list: Bird's Eye Crumbed Hoki Fish Fillet 2 fillets = 293 calories Uncle Ben's Express Single Server Rice (Fried rice/Mexican rice) 1 bag = 195 calories Curly Wurly 1 bar = 119 calories Hansells Creamy Rice (Vanilla) 1 pot = 117 calories Jumpy's Chicken Flavoured snack things 1 bag = 92 calories Woolworth's Organic Macro Apple Puree  1 pot = 54 calories (!!!!!) Aeroplane Jelly Lite (assorted flavours, in my opinion peach iced tea is the best) 250ml = 7 calories  Woolworth's brand Garlic Bread 1 slice = 88 calories Health Attack Cripsy Fruits freeze dried fruits (apple is the best) 1 bag = 39 calories Kirk's Sugar Free Lemonade, Pub Squash and Creaming Soda 1 can = 2.2 calories Foster's Clark Custard Cups 1 cup = 132 calories Bird's Eye Potato Waffles 1 waffle = 105 calories Dorito's Salsa - Mild 40g =  13 calories Calciyum Strawverry Yogurt  1 pouch = 100 calories Diet Rite Apple Raspberry Cordial  1L diluted = approx 30 calories (depends how strong you like your cordial) SUBWAY https://www.subway.com.au/Menu Use this to calculate the total in your sub! I get a 6 inch white bread with ham, lettuc, olives and cheddar, it comes to 288.70 calories! Lastly for people from Adelaide, Australia: Cucina Cibo pasta meals available at Woolworths - the largest portion of delicious lasagna is 490 calories. The wide ribbon pasta with beef ragu is only 376 calories and it a massive serve of pasta! Other Aussies feel free to add your finds!
I'm sick; As the heading states, I'm sick. On and off fever, terrible headache and just feeling bleeeerh. I hate missing school, as lame as that sounds. I've also been eating SO MUCH FOOD! Seriously, I don't think I've ever eaten so much. The thing is though, my bodies craving food so that it can get better, and I've been letting myself eat all kinds of things in hope that I'll get better really soon. The good thing is, I don't think I've put on that much weight since being sick because I was already fat to begin with thanks to the holidays. My body's been craving crazy things, like yesterday I had low fat ice cream with a crumbled weight watcher brownie. I dont even like either of those things. Oh well... I guess once I'm over whatever this is I can finally concentrate on getting THINNER. Oh! Guess what! Ok... during the holidays I accidentally drunkenly told two of my guy friends about my eating disorder... and since then they told my school counsellor who then rang my parents and told them. Then when they asked me about it I was like "phhhhh, no way man". And they were fine with that. Am I really that fat now that it's 'not possible' for me to have an eating disorder? If I was at my lowest weight right now they'd be all "PUT ON WEIGHT GIRL AND GET HELP". Anyway, sorry this blog is a bit... weird and out of character haha. That's just what happens when I'm sick. I'm finding it a bit hard to catch up on all your blogs and I'm really sorry about that. Once I get my own laptop (which shouldn't be too far away) it'll be so much easier :) Thank you all so so much for your comments, I appreciate it so so so so much. When I read your comments I get the biggest smile on my face. I look quite ridiculous haha. Girls, I hope that you guys feel like you can ask me all kinds of questions whenever you want. I love answering them and helping people if I can. Bonnie Blue O', to answer your question, I haven't had my period since early October/late September last year. You haven't had yours for two years?!? Wow... i know I'm not one to talk, but that's not good. I really think you should go see a doctor about it. Not having a period for so long can have bad affects sometimes. A doctor can fix it, I advise that you go see your doctor ASAP my love. I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH! xxx
Lies Lies Lies It is far too hot and sticky today and I am far too sweaty sitting here in the little study, tap tap tapping away at the keyboard in a room surrounded by books to give you guys a proper post, so this shall be fairly short. I made a mistake. I let my mum read my copy of Unbearable Lightness and now she's become suspicious. She wants me to talk to the school counsellor about my best friends all moving to the country but I refuse. I'm not talking to the counsellor about my 'problems' ever again. Mum says that if I don't talk about my 'problems' or 'issues' then they can come out in other ways. She also gave me the 'you need to put on weight' talk. She also said that people have noticed my weight loss. She asked if I knew how much I weigh, to which I replied no, I don't weight myself. She asked if my periods were regular, to which I said yes, I had it a week ago. I haven't had my period in roughly three months. She also said that anorexia can sneak up on you, I just smiled to myself and thought 'I know that and too bad, I'm too far in this now.' ps. Welcome new followers! I can't believe I've cracked the 50 mark! also, thank you all for your beautiful, beautiful, BEAUTIFUL comments. I love you all, my secret little butterflies. xxx
Planning ahead.. ..and typing it here just for the sake of it, clearly. Tuesday: 1. 2 weetbix + lowfat milk 2. Maths exam 3. Mango 4. History&Geography exam 5. Fame school musical rehearsal 6. Get home at 5:45pm or so 7. Umpiring at 7pm 8. Dinner at 8pm Should be under 500 calories for the day intake wise, but I'll burn it right up ! Aweee-some. Wednesday 1. 1 weetbix + lowfat milk 2. Double PE (netball) 3. Watermelon 4. classes 5. nil lunch 6. classes 7. nil food til dinner Under 200 ? Thursday 1. 1 weetbix + lowfat milk 2. classes, including Computer Skills exam 3. Watermelon 4. classes 5. Sesame snaps (2 in a packet, very small) 6. sport (ultimate frisbee) 7. nil food til dinner Under 200-300 ? Friday 1. Total water fast today. 2. Pretend to have breakfast 3. classes 4. Pretend to have recess 5. classes 6. Pretend to have lunch 7. classes 8. Pretend to have afternoon tea 9. Youth social, go swimming there. 10. Thus being why I'm not eating... hello ?! I don't want a single food bulge on my stomach... 11. Tell my parents I will eat at the social. 12. Tell my friends I ate at home. Simple :-) ZERO CALORIES! Saturday 1. Wake early-ish 2. Spend an hour on the treadmill 3. Do some weights for my flabby arms 4. Do some sit-ups 5. Pretend to eat breakfast 6. Shower. Then I don't know what. I have a party that night. So I guess try to water fast again on Saturday. I want to look good... well as good as I can. Any tips for avoiding pigging out at parties? My will power dies at them... D-: Mmm yeah.. I'm going to print that off and sticky tape it to.. something. So the family can't see it, but I will. But where... ? Well, I love you for the unconditional understanding, love and support you give. Take care, xx
Could I be any worse of a human? Well I'm approaching my 10 year mark of having eating disorders and it's hitting me pretty hard tonight. I'm not sure why it is but, I guess it's because I went out to dinner with my ex that I dated almost 3 years ago at the height of my ed and we got mexican food and 4 hours later when I finally got home I purged? The question mark is because I know that after 4 hours there is absolutely no point in purging so, I don't know why I did? I'm seeing someone I used to really not like (He used to be my exs best friend until they had a huge fight and now hate each other) and he makes me happy and everything has felt like a movie between us its been so good. So, why am I so sad tonight? Why am I back on here after so long? Why do I still want my ed to get worse again? Most importantly why do I think I love him after such a short period of time of only liking him as a person? I leave for grad school in a month and I'm sad, excited, happy, and scared all at the same time. I've looked at pushing my move date back because I don't want to leave him yet. I'm not ready for it to be over yet. I don't want him to move on so quick. Yet, with all of that being said, I'm still just hoping my ed will take over now that I'll be living on my own again and I just want to get back to my LW. How could anyone love someone like me right now? They couldn't. But, deep down I'm begging him to feel the same. I'm begging that he will want to try to keep seeing only me even after I leave. Maybe it's just an infatuation but, right now he's almost all I can think about and it's completely consuming me. These are the parts of me that I hate the most.
Ana? Mia? Edie? From here. This girl seems to have been told that Ana isn't right for her. This isn't at all scientific, but for me Ana is restriction, Mia is ritual and Edie is a bit of everything. Edie is what I refer to a non-specified Eating Disorder as. EDNOS is, after all, a mouthful. Keep those mouths empty!
Update Hey lovelies, thanks for all your kind words =) My stomach hurts with all the different drugs I am not now. On Cinnamon's suggestion I bought some meal replacement shake powder and by golly gumdrops that's amazing. I was embarrassed to be looking at that shelf so I just grabbed the first one I saw instead of comparing the different calories etc in them, so mine is pretty high in cals but oh well! Today I have eaten six of these Italian dish style things, rice and vegies in a sort of batter/crumbing. Hugely not so good for you but I drank the laxative, diuretic tea and to be honest, it kind of cheered me up to have a little binge. I also ate 2 x small tins of tuna, some dried apricots and some pecorino cheese, as well as the meal replacement shakes, x2. I have a regime of tablets to take which sucks and makes my stomach upset (and yes, I know the laxative, diuretic teas wouldn't be helping), so I think my goal through this stage will be first and foremost protecting my stomach - i.e. calorie intake and absolutely no purging until I'm off the meds. Hello and welcome to my new followers =) Comment replies: "I feel great": A.S. - I have THE most bizarre cravings too sometimes! I went through a vinegar phase too! Although once I had wayy too much and well *cue nausea, vomiting* Sarah: yes they are, aren't they! I'd never really appreciated them before but I think if I am forced into going out for a meal I'm going to order a dish with croutons. Yup. Cinnamon: Excellent suggestions. I think when I have finished with the teas + meal replacement shakes, I am going to make juice/shakes with various herbs etc. The bloating link is useful but I think it's important to differentiate between bad bloating - i.e. sorbitol, lactose vs good bloating with fibre, which will lead to bloating at the time related to the bowel motions but once it's been excreted the stomach should be flatter than before. "Boo.": A.S., Cinnamon, Skinny Business: Thanks for your thoughts =) Miana - I am so not happy about having to take a billion and one meds a day - and yeah, I'm hoping my weight loss doesn't get too messed up! I'm on valium, amongst other things and given my work outs are usually quite strength based I'm worried about the impact the muscle relaxant properties will have... *sigh*. Have a lovely Saturday all! xxK
"30 days" + OXYtum pills Just in case you were interested, the pills I am taking: "30 days" 30 Days(tm) Proprietary Blend Schizandra Berry (Schisandra chinensis) Milk Thistle (Silybum marianum) (seeds) Licorice Root (Glycyrrhiza glabra) Rhodiola Rosea Root Extract 4:1 Artichoke Leaf (Cynara scolymus) Dandelion Root (Taraxacum officinale) BetaRight(R) 3 - 6 (beta 1, 3/1, 6 glucan naturally derived from Saccharomyces cerevisae) Other ingredients: Microcystalline Cellulose (Plant fiber), Stearic Acid, Croscarmellose Sodium, Silica, HPMC (Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose) "OXYtum" Magnesium Hydroside, Vitamin C, Bioflavonoides