1. Every Friday post a photo that includes one or more flowers. 2. Please only post photos you have authority to use. 3. Include a link to this blog in your post - http://floralfridayfoto.blogspot.com/ 4. Leave the link to your FloralFridayFoto post below on inlinkz. 5. Visit other blogs listed ... comment & enjoy! When to Post: inlinkz will be available every Thursday and will remain open until the next Wednesday.  Thursday, 29 August 2019 FFF404 - NARCISSUS  Narcissus is a genus of predominantly spring perennial plants in the Amaryllidaceae family. Various common names including daffodil, daffadowndilly, narcissus, and jonquil are used to describe all or some members of the genus. Narcissus has conspicuous flowers with six petal-like tepals surmounted by a cup- or trumpet-shaped corona. The flowers are generally white or yellow (orange or pink in garden varieties), with either uniform or contrasting coloured tepals and corona. Narcissus were well known in ancient civilisation, both medicinally and botanically, but formally described by Linnaeus' in his Species Plantarum (1753). The genus is generally considered to have about ten sections with approximately 50 species. The number of species has varied, depending on how they are classified, due to similarity between species and hybridisation. The genus arose some time in the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene epochs, in the Iberian peninsula and adjacent areas of southwest Europe. The exact origin of the name Narcissus is unknown, but it is often linked to a Greek word for intoxicated (narcotic) and the myth of the youth of that name who fell in love with his own reflection. The English word 'daffodil' appears to be derived from "asphodel", with which it was commonly compared. The species are native to meadows and woods in southwest Europe and North Africa with a centre of diversity in the Western Mediterranean, particularly the Iberian peninsula. Both wild and cultivated plants have naturalised widely, and were introduced into the Far East prior to the tenth century. Narcissi tend to be long-lived bulbs, which propagate by division, but are also insect-pollinated. Known pests, diseases and disorders include viruses, fungi, the larvae of flies, mites and nematodes. Some Narcissus species have become extinct, while others are threatened by increasing urbanisation and tourism. Dafffodil breeding has introduced a wide range of colours, in both the outer perianth tepal segment and the inner corona. In the registry, daffodils are coded by the colours of each of these two parts. Thus in the photo below of Narcissus 'Geranium', Tazetta (Division 8) has a white outer perianth and orange corona and is classified as 8 W-O. Join me for Floral Friday Fotos by linking your flower photos below, and please leave a comment once you have done so! If you link your post here, please show a link back to this site on your blog post... Add your own link to the Linky list below and say hello in a comment. Please visit other participants in the meme. Thank you for your loyalty and perseverance in linking up, it is appreciated!
6 Hot Fall Fashion Trends For Fall 2011 1.   Fur Is Back Making its grand appearance again this fall will be fur. Be grateful that your grandmother has a closet full because vintage is also coming into play here and her stash will make you quite popular. 2.   Bell Bottoms Good thing we still have some of these tucked away as well. Put away your skinny jeans and slip into these beauties with a little more room to move. Bell bottoms and flared pants will be making a come back with a fashion statement that is louder than ever. Be sure to stock up before the craze hits again. 3.   Sheer Maxi Dress The Maxi dress has already made its mark on Summer, and now will make an even bigger appearance in the Fall. Fun and affordable, these dresses will be a staple in your Fall wardrobe. 4.   Choker Necklaces  These little treasures can also be found in your grandmother’s jewelry box. With many sassy options, you will love the look the choker gives you and the many options of events that you can wear it to. Chokers are the sweetest compliment to a delicate neckline. 5.   Pleats Pleats will be making a big appearance in everything from dresses to shirts and pants. This timeless sewing option gives a big look to a simple pattern and gives your ensemble a pump of pizzazz. 6.   Cuffed Bracelets  These chunky treasures can dress you up for the town and make a bold statement in the process. Dig back in your mother’s jewelry box for this one; she may just be able to hook you up. Don’t forget to shop the vintage flea markets and antique jewelry stores for a chance to spot a piece just right for your arm.
CELEBRATING A GRADUATION Sometimes it's nice to really celebrate life's important moments. Year after year, we find ourselves just quietly observing the milestones; birthdays (maybe we just don't want to admit we are slowly getting older though), major exams passed, work promotions, personal goals achieved, starting new jobs...it goes on. Don't you ever wish you had some nice memories of them to look back on? So as much as KT insisted it was "not a big deal" since she has been out of uni for some time, it was only proper that we celebrated her official graduation properly! ^^ Getting ready in the auditorium bathroom  ^^ The flowers were so pretty I had to steal them for a photo ^^ Ash arrives after a day at hospital ^^ Possibly my favourite photo, ever?! This day was a happy one. In fact, I think these may have to be some of my favourite photos taken yet. I had forgotten to bring my lens hood but I think I like the lens flare! The beautiful flowers, people, lighting and joyous occasion definitely helped though. It made playing around with some new colour curves so fun. OK no more boring photography speak... After watching the ceremony, taking a few hundred (!) photos, many failed and successful hat tosses and the arrival of some more friends we called it a day and went to have brunch. KT then rushed home for her eyelash extension appointment, presumably so they'd be all fresh for her US trip that she was jetting off to the next day. In her words: Oh, life! Congratulations, girl- can't wait to celebrate the next milestone!
Horrid hospitals I had just written a long post about my horrific hospital stay but writing and thinking about the hospital made me angry so I cancelled it. Angry because I don't want to remember or think about the incompetent doctors and nurses. Let's just say that after 17 days in hospital I saw my new born daughter a total of 4 times. In order to see her I had to cry, yell and demand that someone call the maternal nurses and request they bring her down. Their excuse was always the same, they were too busy to bring her down. Too busy to let a person who almost died in a near fatal accident see her own flesh and blood. And they weren't busy since friends and family who were able to view bella bambina through the window reported that countless times they saw nurses sitting down watching tv. When they did bring her down the longest visit was 10 minutes the other visits a whole 2 minutes. I asked if I could feed her, no. I asked if she could stay longer, no. I asked basic information about her such as how much she weighed and they didn't know and never bothered to find out this information for me. I am not saying that the entire public hospital in Cosenza is bad. I had already spent 10 days here when bel bambino was born. It wasn't the best start after they put my on a make shift bed in the gynaecology ward in a room with a pregnant girl who smoked copiously in the bathroom...but after 1 day I was transferred onto the maternity ward which was painted in eye pleasing pastel shades. I was not in the maternity ward this time, I was on the orthopaedic ward which is renowned as the worse ward in the hospital. Sponge baths for bed ridden patients don't exist. If you can't sit up to eat or drink then no one will help cut your food of pass you something. In this hospital (I cannot talk about other Italian hospitals) each patient is meant to have a relative who stays with them 24-7. The relative is meant to clean your body if you have the urge to be clean, the relative has to help you eat, open and close the windows for you, turn on or off your fan (since my room had no air conditioning and bel marito had to bring me a fan from home.) I learnt how to close my drip since no one comes and checks if your drip has finished, no one answers the bell when you call them numerous times. None of the nurses have the ability to clean you properly, none of the doctors answer your questions or can tell you when you are going home. Opps..I'm getting angry again so let's get back to bel bambino. He was in the intensive care ward until Monday morning, a week after the accident. I had seen him 3 times in 4 days as the nurses there were more understanding and knew that I had to see him as much as he had to see me. He was out of danger and on Monday I said good bye to my 2 men. Bel bambino was being transferred to a hospital in Catanzaro. They were said to have excellent doctors who could asses his double fractured jaw. Bel marito told me that the public hospital was like a hotel. Bel marito had a bathroom in their room (my room had no bathroom) he had air conditioning (I had none) he was given a bed to sleep on and I think he was even fed! Bel bambino was constantly being checked, the nurses and doctors all bought him toys and clothes, even packets of nappies. It was very hard for me to be away from bel marito, bel bambino and bella bambina though. I spent the nights alone much to the anger of the nurses. If bel marito could not be with me then I didn't want his mother or someone else to stay. I wanted to be alone even if that annoyed the nurses since I had to call them to assist me. The week passed slowly and on Friday bel marito and bel bambino came back to my hospital to have his leg checked out before going home. By now we had been in hospital for 12 days. The doctor checked his leg and then told us that bel bambino couldn't go home and was to be readmitted into hospital! The same doctor who had told us that after the Catanzaro hospital he could go home...The doctor who changes his mind every day. Thankfully, much to the distress of the nasty nurses on the orthopaedic ward, bel bambino was transferred into my room rather then taken to the paediatric ward. The nurses expressed their anger by offering us no assistance what so ever. Bel bambino was picking at  his scabs so I asked the nurses for a bandage or something to cover his thigh and they told us it was our responsibility as his parents to make him not pick his leg. Each time the nurses came in to give me an injection of a new drip he would cry. Naturally he was scared of strange people doing things to his mummy. When time came to change me they made bel marito leave the room. I asked them if bel marito could stay since bel bambino had become attached to his dad and cried when he was out of his sight but they forced him out of the room. Bel bambino was left crying and screaming on his bed all alone since my husband couldn't see me part naked according to them... (After this episode we argued and got him to stay in the room from then on.) Bel bambino never had his wounds treated, was rarely checked by the doctor, was never given attention or consideration. Nothing. The anger is coming back so let me stop now, I won't pain you with the intimate details of my experience. At least now I am home, bed ridden with nuts and bolts everywhere...oh but that is just going to move me onto the next chapter! Public home help. Stay tuned.
The accident My memories from the accident are scattered. I remember strange things that maybe didn't happen. I can't remember who went to hospital first but I know what happened after being told. Bel marito, upon seeing our son still and motionless called out to a friend and the tractor driver to rush him to the nearest hospital. There was no time to wait. He wasn't breathing. These two men are our heroes. They literally saved bel bambino's life. While driving to the hospital which was about 15 minutes away blood started to form in bel bambino's little mouth. The tractor driver who normally faints at the sight of blood pulled out a hanky from his pocket and with care pulled globs of blood from his mouth, allowing him to breathe again. They arrived at the hospital and jumped out of the car to be told that the emergency department was no longer operating and that they could do nothing to help the bel bambino. The tractor driver started yelling, telling them that he was going to die and they had to do something. They wouldn't. He called the emergency services who told him that they had sent a helicopter to Malito which had just landed and they would send it immediately to the hospital to collect bel bambino. While this was happening I was lying on the road waiting for the ambulance to come. I didn't know bel bambino had been taken away. I remember, above all, the pain from my ribs. I was crying or screaming  and recall a man with glasses standing by me telling people not to touch me. This may be all in my imagination as I am sure this man was a doctor...but he wasn't from the village so perhaps he was just a passing driver trying to help or maybe he was never there and I imagined this doctor standing by me. I don't remember where bel marito was either although he was close by. The ambulance came and I went to the hospital all alone since here bel marito was not allowed into the ambulance. I learnt many days later that bel bambino had gone in the helicopter alone too since again no one is allowed to accompany the patient. The ambulance was a rather quick, bumpy and painful journey. I remember they were trying to cut my bra and I got angry telling them just to take it off without cutting it which they easily did. The cut my dress but I didn't care. Bel marito was behind the ambulance with a friend and upon arriving learnt that the helicopter hadn't yet landed. Thankfully a good friend of mine had already made it to the hospital and she held my hand and came with me as I was raced up to the maternity emergency room. She knew the gynaecologist on duty so was granted permission to enter into the room with me. Thank god! The gynaecologist even spoke English and was asking me all sorts of questions but I couldn't answer. All I kept saying was that I felt an incredible pain in my ribs and side and all I wanted to do was sleep. Thankfully my friend knew everything about my current and previous pregnancy so she was able to promptly answer all the questions, while holding my hand and telling me not to fall asleep. I was terribly confused when the doctor asked me to sign the paper work for an immediate C-section. I don't want to give birth now, I told him. I have a C-section booked for the 14th of September, I said. It had never occurred to me that I would give birth at that moment. I want to wait for the baby, I said. I want my husband, I cried. Bel marito shortly arrived since by this stage bel bambino had arrived and had been rushed into the intensive care unit. He kissed me, reassured me and told me that I had to have the C-section, that it would be ok. I signed the paperwork and the last memory I have is being alone with the doctors and nursing staff in the operating theatre and me asking for the doctor to please check my ribs and side which were painful. He was smiling kindly at me saying just to breathe and that soon I would be asleep.
Bilingual babies I can't exactly say that bel bambino is bilingual since he doesn't speak yet, but I hope and I think that he will. I read a little into raising bilingual children but basically we are just doing what comes naturally. I speak to bel bambino only in English and bel marito speaks to him only in Italian. When we are together I speak mostly to bel marito in Italian but if I have to address bel bambino it's always in English. If the 3 of us are having dinner then I often speak to both of them in English (since bel marito already spoke English long before he met me) and bel marito speaks to both of us in Italian. Sound confusing? Most people here are very positive about me speaking English to bel bambino. I speak to him in English in front of other people and if I am not directing my comment at them then I don't bother to translate. My in-laws are used to me babbling away in English. Sometimes they will ask me what I am saying but most of the time they don't. They have even picked up a few words of English themselves and like saying "bye bye" and "good night" they understand and sometimes say "milk" and I am sure there are other phrases that I regularly use that they get the gist of. We were out at the park today and bel bambino's little friend who is 2 was waiting for his turn on the slide. "Go go" he called out and I started to laugh since this is what I call out to bel bambino to get him to go down the slide and his little friend, without me knowing, has learnt and now repeats this phrase! It was priceless to hear. Some people are worried about us confusing bel bambino with our dual language system and I've only come across 1 person, a young person mind you who has told me that she thinks it is silly that I am teaching him English and that I should be teaching him the local dialect! I can't even speak dialect! But she's never left the village, never even taken her children to the beach which is only a 25 minute drive away so I don't pay much heed to her comments. I have read that perhaps bel bambino will be a late speaker, only time will tell but we are in no rush. The important thing for us is that we know he understands both of us. When I say "where is your water?" bel bambino goes and gets his water. When bel marito says the same thing in Italian, he goes and gets his water. When we ask him in either language to play some music he goes and presses keys on his keyboard. So as far as we are concerned he is well on his way to becoming bilingual. And he does speak. He says 3 words  (that we understand, the rest is non-stop baby babble which maybe are words that just aren't so clear yet.) Can you guess what they are? Ok, no guesses for the first word which was mamma, or ma ma ma as he calls me, slowly but surely I am often getting 2 syllable now. His second word was papa' which I think is normal since P is a little harder to pronounce then M. And his third word. It's banana! How funny. He actually says anana without the B but we assume this was his first word for 2 reasons. The first being that banana is the only word that we use which is the same in both our languages, and the second being that he is half monkey who eats bananas like you can't imagine. If I try to slip a banana into my bag and he sees it he screams ANANA and won't stop until you give it to him to eat! Now we are waiting for the next word...in which language will it be. Logically I would say it will be milk or water but my money is on either button or shoe. Yes, odd but then again is there another baby out there who said banana as his first non-mamma and non-dadda/papa' word?
Win tickets to the Brisbane Fitness Show! Attention Brissie babes, Gold Coast guys and gals, super Sunny Coasters and everyone near and in between; Australia's largest fitness and health expo, the Fitness Show, is visiting Brisbane next month! @cocogirlbutter has once again teamed up with the Fitness Show and we have 3 double passes to give away to this years show. To enter, simply follow the instructions on the attached picture. Each double pass is worth $40+ and will give you access to over 150 brands offering show specials, as well as the opportunity to: 🏋🏼Be inspired by watching Powerlifting, CrossFit, Strongman, Bodybuilding and Sports Modelling competitions 🤳Meet fitness celebrities and sports models 🥘Learn how to make nutritious and easy to prepare meals and get healthy living advice at the Healthy Living Stage 📝Attend educational seminars for fitness professionals 🏃🏼Workout with celeb trainers Plus much more. Check out www.fitness-show.com.au for more details and to get information on features, timetables and celebrities. For your chance to win one of 3 double passes to the 2017 Brisbane Fitness Show, simply email your full name to cocogirlbutter@gmail.com by Wednesday 20th September. Each double pass is valid for any one day of the show that the winner chooses. Entries will be drawn at random after Thursday 21st September and shared across all @cocogirlbutter platforms and contacted directly. You've got to be in it to win it! Good luck! Coco Girl xx
Digestive Bugs; a Hidden Cause of Weight Gain in Women Did you know, digestive bugs are a hidden link to unexplained weight gain in women?  The great news is, there is herbal and nutritional support that WILL make a difference. Although I have previously discussed digestive flora before from it's influence on serotonin and cravings, new findings directly link it to poor glycaemic control and unexplained weight gain – and after 16 years of practice, it really makes so much sense! Recent research has shown that digestive health, plays a significant role in both obesity and diabetes, primarily due to a deficiency in a protein called toll-like receptor 5 (TLR5), a regulator of digestive flora in our gastro intestinal tract. This allows harmful bacteria to multiply and taking probiotics can actually make it worse! In short, a TLR5 deficiency changes your metabolism. It means you can exercise and count calories or live on lettuce leaves and not lose weight. The reason being, the food you eat is absorbed at a faster caloric rate than it is meant to. Think of the example of you are out to coffee with a friend, you both have a skiny latte – your absorbency is the equivalent to having two! This is because a deficiency in TLR5 causes: Increased carbohydrate storage Increased caloric absorption Increased insulin production Increased leptin resistance Increased fatty acid absorbency This means, if you have unhealthy digestive flora and a 'gut bug', although you eat healthy, you may extract more calories from your foods, even if they are 'healthy' and gain more weight. This is why you might eat less than your friends but still gain weight! Top three causes of toll-like receptor 5 (TLR5) deficiencies Gram negative digestive bacteria Chronic infections Genetics Chronic stress Antibiotic use Symptoms Cravings and increased appetite Unexplained weight gain Stubborn fat around the middle Bloating, digestive disturbances Unexplained high cholesterol Unexplained high blood pressure Unexplained fatigue Unexplained pain and inflammation Poly Cystic Ovarian Disorder Test results may show: 1. Elevated CRP 2. Digestive dysbiosis or inflammatory bowel conditions 3. Elevated Free Fatty Acids 4. Auto immune markers 5. Poor glycaemic control 6. Poly Cystic Ovarian Disorder or Cysts 3 Easy Steps to Stopping This Cycle Today 1. Don’t wait. I can guarantee you, it won’t 'fix' itself, it will only get worse. 2. You MUST reduce bacterial levels and restore balance 3. You MUST restore glycaemic control and improve insulin sensitivity To Join or Not To Join? Deciding to make the change is often one of the hardest steps, simply because making change takes energy. You may even be exhausted from trying to find solutions!  There are so many reasons why you may need help. But with the right expert advice, you can make a difference, starting today. Making a change is easy. Just join my $149 program at http://www.massattack.com.au/f_form.php and let me know if you are on board and ready to go so I can coach you along the way. If you would like further information or for me to call you, please email me at info@massattack.com.au Warmest regards, Narelle Stegehuis MHSc. Naturopath. Medical Herbalist. Tel. 1300 133 536 or www.massattack.com.au
Dieting and Metabolism Master your Metabolism by Jonny Bowden, MA, CNS (see more from this expert)  Taken from: http://diet.ivillage.com/issues/imetab/0,,3bc5,00.html  Q I've been dieting constantly on and off for years since I was a teenager, and have lost and gained the same 50 pounds more times than I can count. This last time I gained back even more. Have I ruined my metabolism?  A The idea that people can "ruin" their metabolisms is a very disempowering notion. To put it simply, you can't. You may have some metabolic issues due to yo-yo dieting, and understanding how your personal metabolism works can only help you in your weight loss journey. Let me explain.  For the sake of example, let's say you lose 50 pounds just by dieting. Let's further assume that about half of the weight you lost is fat and half of it is muscle. (These percentages aren't exactly right, but they're good for the purpose of illustration.) You've now lost about 25 pounds of muscle and 25 pounds of fat. Now let's say that you go off the diet and regain that 50 pounds. This time, almost all of the regained weight is going to be fat, and virtually none of it is going to be muscle. So at the end of the day, you weigh the same as before, but your body composition is significantly different. You now have a significantly higher percentage of body fat.  Why does this matter? Simple. Most of your calories are "burned" by muscle tissue. Fat is basically metabolic "dead weight." When you lose a lot of muscle, you lose one of your biggest allies in the war against fat. This shift in body composition is one of the things people refer to when they talk about their metabolism being "ruined" by dieting. To bring your metabolic rate up, one of the best things you can do is regain some of that lost muscle by adding weight training to your routine.  The other thing that frequently happens with yo-yo dieting is that you train your fat storage enzymes to be more efficient. When you repeatedly starve yourself, those enzymes simply become better at their job, an evolutionary strategy meant to keep you alive during times of famine. But by exercising consistently, eating fewer calories than you burn, and by eating the right kind of calories, you can re-train the fat-releasing enzymes to come out of hiding.  And speaking of the right kind of calories ...  Most people in your situation have been trying to lose weight using a low-fat diet. Unfortunately, that's probably exactly what you should not be eating. Low-fat diets are typically high-carb diets, and high-carb diets virtually guarantee that your body will constantly produce high levels of insulin, also known as "the storage hormone." The body does not burn fat in the presence of high levels of insulin. The solution? A moderate-calorie diet that is higher in protein and good fats (such as olive oil) and lower in carbohydrates than your average low-fat diet.  The point is that there are specific positive actions you can take right now to work with almost any metabolic issue you may have as a result of your dieting history. Put these strategies into action right now, and maybe the next time you lose that 50 pounds will be the last time you have to do it.
Reviving this blog and Women of Colour Network Last year following NOWSA 2013, a few women of colour created a new Facebook group to facilitate an ongoing autonomous network of women of colour in Australia for support and discussion.  The group has been very active and now involves more than 200 members, so we thought it was high time to revive this blog, which has been dormant since September 2010.  From the description of the new group: The term ‘Woman of Colour’ isn’t defined consistently, nor coherently across historical and cultural contexts. It is a mode of self identification and it is not ok to police other people’s identities. We'll be posting more in coming weeks, and we welcome those who have been involved in earlier incarnations of the Women of Colour Network to join the conversation too.
To the Woman These words I am about to read are dedicated to all women who are working to create a better world.  The Persian Poet Rumi once said that life is like being sent by a King to another country in order to carry out a particular task. The person sent may do a hundred other things in that country, but if he or she fails to fulfil the particular task he or she was charged with, it is as if nothing had been done.  To the woman who understood her task.  To the woman who looked at the road ahead of her, and knew that hers would be a difficult journey.  To the woman who did not attempt to make light of those difficulties, but, on the contrary, spoke out against them and made them clearly visible.  To the woman who made the lonely feel less alone, who fed those who hungered and thirsted for justice, who made the oppressor feel as bad as those he oppressed.  To the woman who always keeps her door open, her hands working, her feet moving.  The woman who personifies the verses of that other Persian Poet, Hafez, when he says:  Not even seven thousand years of joy can justify seven days of repression.  To the woman who is here tonight, may she be each and everyone of us, may he example spread, may she still have many difficult days ahead, so that she can complete her work, so that, for the generations to come, the meaning of 'injustice; will be found only in dictionary definitions and never in the lives of human beings.  And may she travel slowly, because her pace is the pace of change, and change, real change, always takes a very long time.  Written by Paul Cohelo
Looking for Podcasts In my absence I have decided now is the time to start looking after myself more. You know, the usual way like eating better and exercising more... Of course, as fate would have it mere days after making this decision to be more active I happened to fall down the stairs resulting in an injured knee. My own fault for trying to navigate the stairs whilst half asleep and not turning on the light! Fortunately the damage is not too severe and I can still perform normal tasks, such as going to work (oh the joy!) but I am going to postpone any serious exercise for a few weeks until my knee is functioning a bit better. So what better way to pas the time than searching for things to listen to when said fitness time rolls around. I want something other than music to listen to, this is where you come in, my lovely readers... Can you please recommend some podcasts that you enjoy, bookish or non book related, I am open to any suggestions. Thanks in advance.
Back on Track So my life took a bit of an unexpected turn recently and I was not sure if or when I would be able to update this blog, but things have now settled down and with things back on track it is time to come back to the blog. I have also been toying with the idea of sharing some of my other interests here, which after careful consideration I think I will. I look forward to some normality.
Note As I am going on a short holiday, this blog will not be updated on the 21st of November, but instead be updated on Wednesday the 22nd of November, and then again on Monday the 27th of November.
19th November, 2006 STATE NEWS New South Wales- From the New South Wales site here, “The NSW Rowing Association is in the process of packing up the office and moving to a new home at Sydney Olympic Park. Your patience is appreciated for the next few days during the move. We expect to be operational again on Tuesday 21st November 2006. Our new phone number is 8116 9777” South Australia- Adelaide High School Regatta Results AUSTRALIAN NEWS Media- Tomkins and Ginn reunite (Melbourne Herald Sun)
Christmas shirt Sinclair Patterns Cachet tshirt colour blocked. Fabric from Birds of a Feather.
Loosing Sight.. At the beginning of 2017 I shared with you all about “The Day I Lost my Sight”. Through writing this about my blindness in my right eye due to my Juvenile Arthritis that began in my teenage years, many reached out to me and Kids Arthritis to share their stories and access support. During October 2017 I visited my Opthamologist, had some scans of my eyes and this was all fine, but the result wasn’t. Once again I was back in the big blue chair and on the screen were the images which had been taken. What happened next, changed my life.  On the screen, I saw the scan of the back of my eye and what was showing were some tiny ‘bubbles’ in the left eye (my seeing eye). These bubbles aren’t friendly bubbles, they’re Macular Degeneration. The look on the Opthamologist face said it all. Surprised, upset and unsure of how this could come about. All the medical treatments are supposed to prevent this from happening, but still it has occured. But you know what I did in that moment. I didn’t get angry or upset. I thought about the 1 in 1000 children in Australia living with Juvenile Arthritis. About how much pain they’re in right now and everyday, thinking they’re the only ones living like this. I also thought how much they need someone like me who can stand up for them living with Juvenile Arthritis and Kids Arthritis tosupport them and show them that it’s going to be ok. Medical professionals don’t know yet when my sight will disappear, but what I do know is that with your help we can ensure that more children living with Juvenile Arthritis, who could be going through this situation don’t need to do it alone.
Life with One Eye At the beginning of 2017 I wrote a post sharing, ‘The Day I Lost My Sight’. I thank those for their questions and words of support, but there was one question asked by many readers:  “What’s it like living with vision in one eye?” This is a common question I get asked, as it’s a problem that many may never have to experience. In the beginning simple daily activities; reaching for a glass of water or shaking someone’s hand were a huge problem. This was due to the depth of field issue. My brain had to re wire itself in how it saw the world and how far away objects were.  Time went by when driving at night become an issue. I hear from older adults that they give up driving due to feeling unsafe on the road or those car headlights are too bright. I was 20 years old and had to give this up, something I’d worked hard to gain that gave me independence, but had to give up due to something I had no control over, Juvenile Arthritis. Another impact was that the world I see is darker than others as there’s only light entering one eye, rather than two. This means when in rooms with dimmed lighting it’s disorientating and I can become light headed and everything that’s part of that feeling. By far the biggest impact has been the risk of the condition that caused this in the first place, Uveitis affecting my left eye. If and when this happens, no one knows and what effect it will have on my life we will see at the time. But I never let any of this hold me back from achieving my life mission: “To change the way the world views Arthritis.”
I am OFFICIALLY horrible at writing blog entries! So I have to update this blog HARDCORE- which I will do...I hope. I have to tell about both of my Sydney trips and my field trip to Orpheus Island....and update on the skull project and school here. I've been swamped with a lot of work recently so I guess thats why I've not kept this up...and obviously having a lot of fun! Today Jay and Mom came in and right now I'm waiting for them to come pick me up to go to dinner! :-P SO happy! I can't wait to see them and we have some fun things planned! I'll take lots of pictures. Unfortunately, I have a lot of work due while they are here but there isn't anything I can't handle! It just means I won't get as much sleep as I'd like but I'm still young so my body can handle it! I miss you all and exactly 6 weeks left until I return home to MA! I'll be home for a few days before I go to work in New Jersey all summer at the NOAA James J. Howard Marine Lab! I'll be working on a fish ecology project and in the fall I'll be giving a presentation at a research symposium! Where I'll be living is in the middle of nowhere- so I'll have a lot of time on my hands during the work week. I have vowed to myself that I'll go running every day during the week and get back into shape....not to say that I'm totally out of it, but it would be nice to tone up a bit, especially if I'll be dancing in the fall. I'll also probably read a lot of personal reading books, since I never do during the school year because I get so busy with classes. I'm also going to be studying Spanish in the summer too, so I can get better at conversations! I'm going to be ambitious this summer. I also have planned my 21st birthday party in NYC, for those that can make it out. Date is TBA. I'll probably take a trip down to Philadelphia too since I'm close and have never been there- or at least don't remember it. I'll come home a few times on the weekends but it's 4.5 hours away so I can't come home much. Kind of a bummer since I've been away for so long and would love to spend time with my friends...unfortunately school/ career at this point come first so I can graduate on time! Feel free to visit me if you want! In other news- I have my classes for Fall next semester. I will be living in my same apartment with Whitney as well! I will be taking Genetics, Physics, and Physiology for my serious classes and I'll be taking two dance classes, one Jazz and one Modern, as well as a studio art class. I'll probably be working too- modeling and maybe another job if time allows. Graduation in a year!!!!!! Time flies, man. Anyways- I'll write and post some pictures to update everyone on my stories!
Tea So this morning my mum brought me a cup of tea in bed and it was the sweetest, most delicious tea ever and I just marvelled at the fact that mum is the only one who knows instinctively that I like my tea 30% sugar and doesn't judge me for it. I believe tea is a magical thing, definitely on par with rainbows, kittens and books. If tea could be worshipped I would totally worship it. Maybe it's the British in me. But my dad hates tea, so I like to stare at him menacingly as he stirs his coffee. On the bright side (there's always a bright side with tea) I get a cupboard all to myself for my tea collection, which currently contains my own tea pot bought from a charity shop, several mugs with kittens and patterns and phrases like 'keep calm and party hard' on them, 4 boxes of loose leaf tea- peppermint, creme brulee, rose hip and a herbal blend meant for studying. Tea is good. Here are some things I like about tea: - when you know how to make it properly by warming the pot first and it makes the tea 20% more delicious - when you've finally mastered balancing the ratio of milk to tea - reading a good book with a cup of tea - making tea whenever there's a crisis to calm everyone down - everything's classier with tea - tea before bed - tea in the morning - tea in the afternoon - tea and tumblr - tea leaf reading - finding new ingredients to add to tea like cinnamon - chocolate tea - chai tea - having tea with your grandma - having tea with your significant other - when it's raining, curling up on the floor with a blanket, a book and a cup of tea - tea is just made of magic XOX Nay
Meanwhile, at the airport... I used to put pictures of my travels up on the blog.  Now, they end up on Facebook instead.  Instead of a handful, there are hundreds, and it's where I go to look first for my holiday pics.  This past weekend, I headed to Canberra for a couple of days.  When I first asked people for recommendations of things to do there, I was told to 1) watch the traffic lights change 2) check out Costco and 3) see if the Rex Hotel is still around and whether they do break in those little flower pots still (Bill Bryson reference and on a sidenote, if you haven't read his book about Oz and live here, it's a must read). I'm glad I've paid attention over the years to the one or two people I know who went to Canberra and loved it.  It's definitely a museum nerd and wino's paradise.  There's even some spectacular food and beer, so I'm not sure what there is not to like.  Anyway, this is how we felt about Canberra.
Getting Ready for Winter Sat around the table on a Friday at 4:30pm surrounded by my co-workers, my Mom, who is visiting for 3 weeks, was surprised by how many people don't have proper climate control in their homes here.  I've been telling her about it for years, but I think hearing it from the locals, and so many of them, drove it home.  It is that time of year in Australia when, despite it still being 29C out, we turn our thoughts to the cold weather coming.  In addition to the actual weather conditions this year, I'll also be thinking about my health during the long, wet season, and not just my physical health.  Whilst seasonal depression is often thought of as a Northern hemisphere problem, it can just as easily creep up on you in the Antipodean region.  While the months between May and September creep by, the dark comes upon us early, and the rains keep coming, nights at home without heat (either because you don't have it or you can't be arsed to start a fire in your combustion heater) get long and exhausting, even if it is only 14C/60F in your house most evenings.  I generally crawl into my waterbed with my dinner, and watch TV from about 7pm onwards.  That doesn't help keep me motivated and active enough, so this year, I'm making a few changes, particularly as winter will show it's face soon after one of my international visitors leaves.  I plan to use my 3 month old gym membership at least twice a week, and I have a stack of books to read.  I've also joined a few interest groups and am actively trying to meet more people and get out of the house more.  That combined with a few practical heat savings tips around the house, sealing up gaps in the walls and completing a big ensuite reno with a nice new shower...and heat lamp, and this winter should be mint!  I'll let you know how it all goes.  If you see me blogging more, that's a first indication it's all working.
Shameless Self-Promotion Hello friends! I feel like I'm awkwardly trying to re-connect with a long lost friend who I neglected for a while... But I'm sure that you have all been very busy and haven't noticed my lack of writing at all! If you have noticed, thanks for being a reliable reader and I'm sorry to disappoint! But for the rest of you, I'm sure a simple explanation will suffice. I have been very busy of late, finishing my musical theatre course, performing in the Showcase, and much more! But most importantly, I wanted to talk to you about my musical. I've mentioned it a few times in this blog, but recently my writing partner and I have decided to take it to a new level and put on a big showing of the show. We have a venue almost booked, we have a rehearsal room booked, auditions scheduled, rewrites being planned and technically minded friends being put into a list to be contacted later. I'm mentioning it to you because I know there may be some of you who perform and love to be a part of amateur shows. Here's your chance to be a part of something special, because the opportunity to be involved in a brand new, original piece of Australian theatre comes along very rarely. As the show is still growing, this is your chance to make a mark on the show - help it reach that next level. Heck, help it become successful! We need you enthusiastic, creative, generous people to give this show life in any way you can, so if you are even slightly interested, check out the event page and maybe even book an audition. And if you have no performing talents/interest whatsoever, maybe you could come see the show and support the young writers of today. Click here to check it out!
It's the Circle of Life! As you can see by my most recent blog post, I have discovered a new love. No, it's not for buying shoes, or going to the gym or other such things people seem to have love affairs with. It's for a much more geekier past-time. Yes. I watch documentaries. Since I discovered a website where you can watch them for free, I've been addicted. I've watched movies on the human mind and body, on religion, on racism, on heaps of incredibly interesting topics that I find fascinating. I know many people think that documentaries and mind-numbing boredom go hand in hand, but if you watch documentaries on topics that you're interested in then it's absolutely riveting.  However. With this discovery, I have learnt something about myself. I have learnt that I can NOT watch documentaries about... Animals. There. I said it.  I just find them far too emotionally traumatising. Animal documentaries lull you into a false sense of security. They show you clips of adorable sea-otters holding hands and deer frolicking in the meadow while birds sing and the sun shines. And then, they flash up a few clips of these sea-otters being swallowed whole by a seal, or the deer being slowly chased until they collapse with exhaustion and are descended upon by wolves. I know what you're thinking. "It's the circle of life, Emily. Everyone needs to eat." I try to remind myself the wise words of Mufasa. The lion eats the antelope but "When we die, our bodies become the grass, and the antelope eat the grass. And so we are all connnected in the great Circle of Life. " At this stage, I'm surprised I even manage to get through the Lion King without falling into an emotional heap. I understand that it's all natural and proper but I can't help but feel terribly sad. I watched a show about baby turtles and how they have to find the ocean once they're hatched, but birds fly by and snatch them off the ground so only a small percentage ever make it to the sea. The rest struggle helplessly in the birds claws. Or take tonights documentary for example, in which whales played a hunting game with a poor seal until it was slumped, exhausted on an ice float. A sneaky whale came up, bit it's tail and slowly dragged it into the water, with the seal looking helplessly towards the camera. Maybe it was the fact that the seal reminded me slightly of my dog, but whatever the reason, I find animal documentaries far far too sad. So from now on I shall watch informative documentaries that steer away from the animal kingdom. To avoid being ignorant, maybe I'll read wildlife articles... That way I don't have to see their puppy dog eyes as they're nommed on by a lion.
Some sugar, but mostly sense. I baked last night and this morning. There's a ridiculous amount of things I still need to post, and I don't know where to start! I haven't uploaded last night's pictures. Suffice to say: dark chocolate. And green tea. Mmm. On another note. Borders just released their 100 Favourite Books of All Time I had a really quick look at the top ten. 1. Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen 2. To Kill A Mockingbird, Harper Lee 3. Lord of the Rings, J. R. R. Tolkien 4. My Sister's Keeper, Jodi Picoult 5. Twilight Saga Collection, Stephanie Meyer 6. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone 7. The Time Traveller's Wife, Audrey Niffenegger 8. The Book Thief, Mark Zusak 9. Nineteen Eighty Four, George Orwell 10. Magician, Raymond E. Feist I'm not too happy with this list, to be completely honest. I get that the top three are classics, and I really liked 'To Kill A Mockingbird'. We studied it in English class, and I really enjoyed it. Harry Potter and The Book Thief are both excellent as well. But Twilight? It's 'favourite books of all time', not 'favourite ridiculous tween fantasy vampire fads'. I'm sorry if I annoy anyone with this rant, but TWILIGHT. COME ON PEOPLE. It's a pathetic love story, with a Mary Jane protagonist that is selfish, whiny and just plain annoying. FIFTH? Even undead blood-drinkers and lycans can't redeem the book. You want vampires? Go to Anne Rice, or Bram Stoker. Not Stephanie Meyer. Okay. I'm over it. -breathes- I'm just disappointed Neil Gaiman (American Gods was 71), Alice in Wonderland (came 32nd), Gregory Maguire, Terry Pratchet (Good Omens was 96th) or any other really good authors didn't make it up there. Stupid Twilight.
Spread the rainbow I love rainbows. No, really. However much I wear black and kid myself I'm really cool, I'm a total sucker for anything brightly coloured. Extra points if it's sweet. Which is why these are the first cupcakes I made from scratch, frosted and photographed. I think this cemented my love affair with cupcakes. How can you not love this cupcake? It's simple too. Take a standard white cake recipe, or any light-coloured recipe and add colour. Rainbow Cupcakes Ingredients: 1 cup sugar 1/2 cup butter 2 eggs 2 tsp vanilla extract 1 1/2 cups flour 1 3/4 tsp baking powder 1/2 cup milk + 1/4 cup milk food colouring (red, yellow and blue are fine) Directions: 1. In a medium bowl, cream together sugar and butter. 2. Beat in your eggs one at a time, then stir in your vanilla. 3. Combine flour and baking powder well. Add to mixture and mix well. 4. Stir in 1/2 cup of milk until the batter is smooth. Now, add anything from nothing to an extra 1/4 cup of milk to make it moister. I usually add in a little less than 1/4 cup. Mix until it's smooth. 5. The fun part! Separate the batter into six smaller bowls. It doesn't need to be exact, just roughly the same amount in each bowl. Add in your dye. A lot of food bloggers that have made these recommend gel colouring. I don't know about that, but the liquid food colouring I used worked out perfectly, leaving me with incredibly vibrant colours. I started with half a cap of colouring the first time. Then you can do some adjusting, depending on the shades you want. 6. This is the time consuming part, pouring the batter. (You really don't have to preheat the oven until you're about half or three-quarters way through the cupcake batter. It will have plenty of time to heat up.) Split the purple between the 12 liners and spread so it covers the whole bottom of the liner. Move on to the blue and then all the other colours. While you're spreading the colour, be careful, because if you spread it too vigorously like I did sometimes, you'll go through into the next layer. Not a disaster, but I'd rather my colours stay separate. 7. Preheat oven to 175 C. Grease and flour your tin (or just chuck in some pretty cupcake liners). 8. Bake for 18 minutes and then check on them. They're fairly moist cupcakes. Extremely light cupcakes aren't so good for rainbow-ing. These are done when the top springs back when you poke it lightly. 9. Leave it to cool for a few minutes on a wire rack before taking them all out. Let them cool completely and make your frosting (lemon for me). Best Lemon Frosting Ever. (So far.) Ingredients: 1/2 cup (115g) butter, softened 2 tbsp lemon juice 1/2 tsp vanilla extract 3 cups (375g) icing sugar Directions: Mix everything until smooth! Add in extra lemon juice or icing sugar until you get the intensity and consistency you want. Frost your cupcakes however you want. I just plopped some on with a spoon and spread it. Make sure the cupcakes are cool before frosting. Otherwise the frosting will melt...yes, I do have prior experience with this. Enjoy. (:
Happy new in 2007 and everything hello everyone, I went to quiz games what hogwart are in house belong to I'm in Gryffindor (Yes) it from Harry Potter I love that game it was really fun, So what have you been doing you guys? I have been shopping with my firend trying on some Jeans and brought some white belt so yeah :) . and I had lunch at the McDonald and my firend had subway that it. Happy new Year everyone in 2007 :)  From Marissa xox
Sunday's 60 second sermon Sunday saw my earliest start so far, as I was at Surrey Sports Park before 7:30am in order to find a quiet spot with good mobile phone reception so that BBC Radio Surrey could ring me. Having been into their studio on Tuesday to record a "60 second sermon", the plan was for them to ring to chat live on air shortly before they broadcast the sermon so that it can be put into context. We had a good conversation, not just about sports chaplaincy but about chaplaincy in general. This added background, not just to the "60 second sermon" but to the interview I'd done in week 1 for their breakfast programme. Must admit though, that I don't often get asked to discuss existentialism before 8am on a Sunday morning!!  (For the inquisitive, this came about because in talking about some of the things sports chaplains get involved in,  I made the comment that we're not just here for the bad things of life like injury or coping with lack of success but also for things like the big questions of life such as "who am I when I'm no longer a famous athlete?" which was a question I'd spent some time discussing with an athlete at one of the previous major sports events I've ministered at.) Being at the venue that bit earlier meant that I saw lots of players as they were on their way to breakfast and/or their morning sessions in the swimming pool, which was good. I then opened up the Oasis of Silence at 8am, but as no-one came to the 8:30am devotional I didn't get to 'preach' the aforementioned 'sermon'. The rest of the morning was divided between the usual 'wandering around' the venue and various practical matters related to tonight's movie night - firstly being given a much more central room than the one we had last night,  which was a matter for thanksgiving; then altering all the publicity we'd produced yesterday; before spending time learning how to connect everything up to, and then operate, the rather splendid audio-visual system they have installed (much more complicated - and impressive - than anything I've personally used before). I managed to take a couple of hours off in the afternoon, and returned to find that it was very very quiet - even quieter than previous post-match days. A number of squads had gone out for all or part of the day, and I think others must have been sheltering from the torrential rain that descended mid-afternoon. Some more visiting and admin was undertaken before setting up for the movie night. It was good that a good group of players came, from 3 different squads, all of whom thanked us for putting this on even before they'd seen the movie. It was a very good humoured and relaxed evening, with the added bonus for me that I really enjoyed the movie too, which made a day with my earliest start and latest finish not seem as long as it actually was.
Hang ups I have been wondering what to write about lately and I got to thinking about all my pet peeves (hang ups, whatever you want to call them). Now, I don't want to sound like a "you know what" but I do have some things that just simply drive me crazy.....   *There is no "S" in Kroger. It is Kroger! NOT KROGERS!!!!!!!! * I CANNOT stand when people are wearing no shoes and slide their feet across the carpet...it makes my skin crawl! (This, and the fact that I stepped on a thumbtack as a kid, may be the reason why I HATE going barefeet most of the time!) *Talking while your mouth is full or chewing with your mouth open( I have only done it when my nose was stopped up and I had to breathe out of my mouth....it is awkward!) *Talking on the phone (private convo) while in the presence of others. Hold off until you are alone or if it is an important call---in this case, excuse yourself if possible! *To my knowledge(correct me if I am wrong) there is no such word as "winder"--(Window) *Putting dishes in the sink..Who is going to put that dish in the dishwasher?!?!?!? It is not that hard to take the dish, rinse it, and place in dishwasher. There are a few exceptions...if the dishwasher is full and needs to be cleaned or the dishes are clean and need to be put away, or if you are having to let a dish soak.   And there you have them- my pet peeves. There may be a few more, but these are the ones that drive me crazy! If I am ever caught doing ANY of these, please CALL ME OUT ON IT! These annoy the crap out of me and so I never want to be caught doing any of these!!!!!!
The “I Don’t Want to Workout” Training Run  It is no secret I have been a total slacker since the Disney Princess 1/2 Marathon the end of February, heck I owe a trip and race report – I will do one I promise AND I have only run like 2 times.  I signed up for the Atlanta Peachtree Road Race 10k Lottery – HUGE race 60, 000 runners July 4th, fun time and to be honest I was hoping to not get in. I mean its hot, has some serious hills, the logistics of dealing with the start and end, blah blah blah. I am toying with doing a 1/2 Marathon in August here in Atlanta – yes that is nuts heat wise, but its flat……SO when I got in the Lottery last week I decided I needed to start my 3 runs a week training again. The Peachtree works in great with that 1/2 marathon as far as preparing distance wise and calendar wise.  This is week 1 of getting back to it -today was run 2 of 3 for the week. We went to Disney on Ice Treasure Trove last night and had a blast, but it was a late night so me and the 5 year old princess slept in – and she skipped preschool.  This means I had to go gym since I just can’t leave her alone while I run.  I put on my Disney Princess tech shirt to try to cheer me up as I was not into doing this today and headed to the gym.  The goal: 30 minutes “speed work”.  I set the treadmill at Random Workout level 3.  I started with a 3 minute walk warmup and then did my 1 minute run/ 1 minute walk intervals. I paced the run started in at 6mph and the walks at 4mph.  With each walk I added 0.1mph goal to get up to 7 and then go down. The idea is with each run interval I get faster.  Here’s the thing, I was NOT into today. Ate crap yesterday, didn’t have enough water so over drank before my workout today “slosh, slosh, slosh”.  I felt my big belly bouncing around – lets face it I have been eating JUNK lately and I was just tired.  YET I PUSHED ON.  I got up to 6.6mph runs and was like PLEASE BE OVER…..so the next run interval one I said to heck with it and went up to 6.8 for 30 seconds then 7.  I was SO tired some of my walk intervals were longer than a minute as my breathing was fast. The last run interval….I heard Bob and Jillian from Biggest Loser saying in my head “Last Chance Workout……” – the nice Bob from previous seasons…..and said to heck with this, the first 30 sec I did 7mph, the last I did 8mph – yowza that was fast.  I think I looked like a spaz those 30 seconds, but got it done!  Felt great to be done as I would rate this workout a total BLAH – I was SO not into it.  While I much prefer to be outside, I do love how I can push myself for short bursts on the treadmill. Now, to work on my diet – I need to start feeding my body some good stuff….oh and get sleep too.  Hey, but I am so happy to be on track with my scheduled workouts this week. One more then I kick it up a notch! The gym has got some awesome looking Core Classes starting soon, def will give them a try.  Happy Running, Walking or Some Combo thereof !
Emotional Eating……….  I am a very emotional person AND an emotional eater. Well that explains the 30 lbs I need to loose!  You know even JUST 25 would also be OK by me…..  This weekend after my race I came home to some really sad news. My brother in law who was treated for stage 1 lung cancer last year had a bad routine follow up scan this week. Apparently there is some stage 4 cancer in one of his ribs. I am beyond sad.  My sister met her husband probably when I was about 10 or 11.  They married a couple years later, so he has been a part of my life for a very long time.  I love him as a brother.  I was mad, sad……just in a funk after I found out as he has been the rock of our family during many hard times over the years.   I had been eating very well last week and though I know better than to get on the scale every day, I knew I was down 3 lbs before Saturday.  NOW I will say, after that race I found the free Cold Stone Ice cream and totally enjoyed it….that emotion was pure joy of finishing the race strong.  The rest of the weekend I didn’t feel like eating so I kind of ate junky…..not a ton, just didn’t juice and ate processed crap….yeah, its crap, my body doesn’t need it. My husband is wonderful, yesterday he saw the funk I was in and said “Let’s go out and use that gift card so you don’t have to cook dinner”. We went to Nava, his favorite place. They put out these blue corn bread rolls which are HEAVEN and yeah, I ate way too many of those.  Felt good going in though – which see that is my problem.  Got on the scale this morning and “only” down 1/2 pound. I will say so far today has been good, but when making our meatloaf tonight, I started shoving in saltines….. I know, could be worse, but again, I don’t want processed white stuff……  SIGH.  I need to pull it together. The GOOD news is despite the saltines otherwise today has been great….. juice for breakfast – Apple, Pear, Strawberry, Blueberry, Kale, Spinach and Coconut Water – I love how I just can use up the fruit I need to like the berries this morning.  Man I love that mix, SO good.  I ate some carrots for snack at preschool and then on the way home I stopped at Dunkin Donuts for Coffee – cream no sugar…I was hungry so I got an egg and cheese wrap for 99c along with an unsweet Iced Coffee…..hey the wrap is better than eating a donut, even though its American “cheese”.  Juiced up later with my favorite veggie drink “Green Lemonade” – Cucumber, Celery, Apple, Spinach, Kale and Lemon.  Talk about fresh – its super good. I am making Meatloaf for dinner with veggies and salad…so for the day I am happy.  Please pray for my brother in law if you are a prayerful person.  He went to the radiologist today for course of action.  Also include my sister and her adult kids.  I really hate they are going through this.  Thanks….and for me any advice on how to get through emotional eating is always welcome!
Ironman, I am not I think I was having visions of grandeur.  I had a little pep in my step yesterday and was getting things crossed off my to do list.  I promised myself last week I would follow through with my cross training and abs.  Tuesday, I barely got my abs in but I did do them.  So Wednesday comes and, like I said I was highly motivated, I decided to go to a one hour spin class at my gym. [love love love spin class] That was from noon to one.  I got home and new I needed to get my run in before the ladies got out of school, otherwise it might not get done due to dinner having to be made, a quick grocery run, dance practice for Miss J and a mandatory vegan baking fest for me.  I almost didn't run because in between all that, I needed to eat!  Green monster down and out I went.  Mistake number two.  I really didn't want to run right after having eaten but I figured I had get out there.  Hello side cramps!!  Let's head back to mistake number one, not allotting my self enough time.  I was down to the wire.  I had only 45 minutes to get a 42 min run in.  That had to include the driving time back to the house.  High five to myself, I got it done and met Miss R right after she had gotten off the bus.  That messed with my focus because I was worried about getting home on time.  Mistake number three, spin class then less than an hour later, run.  For some, this may be nothing but for this lady, legs felt like I was running through sand!  All of my lower body was feeling it.  I was wanting to quit the whole time. Enter the self talk.  I knew a yucky run was inevitable, I had been having way too many good ones.  I kept thinking, I hate running!!! success is hanging on when you want to let go.  I had to analyze what I was doing/did wrong and what I could learn from it.  See mistakes one through three.   Don't eat so close to running Run before spin class or other classes Make enough time for a run so I don't have worries about being somewhere.  I can just focus on the run. Most importanly....Schedule/plan better! Lessons learned.  This is the life of a running, working, full-time mom. 
Boy Drama! heartUhg, boy drama can be suckish! Every girl knows that its never fun to fight with a boyfriend or a boy you really like. I know from past experience that I would get so upset, and pissed off when I fought with a boyfriend or someone I liked. But with me I got over it really fast. You just have to talk about it and work it out. That’s just the best way to handle the situation. But it could be more than just fighting. He could be really rude, and mean to you, and you just let it slide, which is never the best thing to do. You should never be in a relationship with someone who is mean to you or you can’t trust. I have a friend who has been in a relationship with someone for three years and she says she can’t trust him because he cheated on her in the first six months they dated. I would never date someone who cheated on me and I couldn’t trust. No one should be with someone whose a cheater, because once a cheater, always a cheater. You also need to be comfortable in your relationship, and you need to be happy in it. You can’t be with someone if your not happy being with them. Its not fair to them, or you. If you’ve been with someone for a long time and the romance has just left, and you don’t have the same feelings as you used to have then that might be the sign that tells you the relationship needs to end. Especially if your in high school, those relationships don’t last forever, I know that for a fact. Every time that a boy as broken my heart and hurt me, my mom would tell me I deserved better and that one guy who would make me happy was out there. So I know that if my mom is telling me that there’s someone out there for me. There will be someone out there for the rest of you. (:
Shampoo Troubles  One day on September1st 2009 Isabella Marie, an average girl who was very smart acted irrational for a few minutes in the shower. “There’s no more shampoo!” she shrieked. So she got out of the shower, put on her robe and went to talk to her mom. “Mom how can I take a shower without shampoo!” she cried. ” Are you serious sweet pea look at you, go get dressed and I’ll give you ten dollars so you can buy shampoo.” said her mom. “Okay mom she obediently remarked. She got dressed in her tie dyed shirt, white capris, and an orange sweater. She rapidly put on her green Vans and grabbed her sweaty ten dollars and walked to the Super Save Mart As she walked on the dirty pavement she saw boys playing soccer, girls in mini skirts walking down the street, and teenage boys smoking cigars. As Isabella Marie passed all the activity going on.”  “Sheesh, what must be going on these days?” she asked herself. Isabella Marie went inside the Super Save Mart and went to the hair products aisle. Just as she was going to get the last strawberry scented shampoo a little baby boy knocked the bottle off the shelter. “Oh, great” she exclaimed. Isabella Marie walked a little further and grumpily and grabbed the blueberry-scented shampoo. Not my favorite, but okay she thought to herself. Isabella Marie went to pay the shampoo, just when there’s a blackout. Then a guy calmly walked in the store and said,”Keep calm everyone it was an accident it will be fixed in no time.” “Uhh, when will this end!” “Sorry kid.” said the hairy clerk. ”Yeah right”,Isabella Marie replied. So she left the Super Save Mart empty-handed So Isabella Marie slowly walked back home. “Why me, why couldn’t I just buy shampoo and be happy. What’s the problem with that huh”, she screamed. Then she heard a faint voice “Shampoo for sell, shampoo of all scents”. Isabella Marie started walking faster, and then the voice was louder and louder. Finally, she approached a girl who was short, had brown wavy long hair, and tan skin.  “How can I help you……….uuuhh…”                                                                                                              “Isabella Marie!!!”, she said loud and proud.  “Okay then Isabella Marie, how can I help you?”  “You can help me by selling me some shampoo.”,Isabella Marie appealed.   “Oh about that a fat lady came and bought everything.”the girl with the brown eyes anxiously said waiting for Isabella Marie’s response.  “Oh that’s just wonderful!!!”Isabella Marie sarcastically said.  “I’m so sorry,…I I I”the girl started to lament.  “No it’s okay” Isabella Marie lied. Then Isabella Marie left without another word. Isabella Marie walked back to the Super Save Mart to check if the blackout was over and surely it was.  “Yes!!!”she yelled delighted. She  went to the hair products aisle and grabbed the strawberry shampoo and ran to the check out stand. She paid three dollars and fifty scents. Isabella Marie was so happy that she forgot the shampoo in the Super Save Mart. By the time she realized and went back to the store the shampoo was nowhere to be seen. Isabella Marie got so mad about this she went directly to the manager. There with him she complained about her problem. “Sorry kid its not my problem”, he said cooly  “Oh yes it is your problem!!!”, she snapped.  “Go watch the videos the camera recorded””, she teased. Together they saw the video of her paying the blueberry scented  shampoo.  “Oooohhhh,I told you  “Fine go and get your shampoo and leave” he grumbled  ” Thank you”, she triumphantly said. So she left with some thing that smelled like strawberries  in her hand.  THE END!!!!!!!!!!!
OK… SOO I BACK Hi liars, Happy new year, Merry Christmas ( it’s never too late to say this). I know i haven’t been consistent but I guess I just post when I want because it’s my little space on the internet. I am sorry, hopefully, you have missed me probably not. Ok so I officially have given up on Tumblr because I made a new account and I can’t get into it which is great so I am really sorry but yeah. I guess I to aesthetic for Tumblr haha. But just because Tumblr gave up on me does not mean I gave up on the internet I found something else to do… Pinterest. I am on a full grind, pinning everywhere and anywhere, slowly tidying up my boards as I go because I have had that Pinterest account for too long before you have sub-boards. OG member right here. Also, my internet has been absolutely rubbish for months now because TalkTalk thinks that making the route break six months before the contract runs out will make us get another contract. No. My internet is so bad that I had to move my laptop downstairs and physically connect to the internet, which means no more late night movie sessions I actually have to go to bed. With my great Wifi, I have had to use more of my data which 3GB so for the past few months I have been running low or running out a week before I get a new set. Anyway on February the 8th we are switching to BT it would have Virgin but virgin doesn’t have lines in my area (yet). Art-wise I feel like I can’t draw anything but I am still drawing because I think its just a phrase. Netflix has been mine new best friends I am currently watching call the midwife, That 70s show, Riverdale, Something in the rain and Oh my venus. I have basically binged watch Call the Midwife I am halfway through season 3. Recently on Netflix, they added my childhood favourite movie About a boy I had the movie on VHS. If you haven’t watched it go get yourself some tea preferably herbal and watch it. Anyway good night my loves xoxo 4teen
If you'd told me a year ago that by the time July rolled around again, I'd be going to camp as a counselor, well . . . I probably wouldn't have believed you. I'm an introvert—we don't like stepping out and doing new things, especially where there's people involved. So when my sister asked me a couple months ago (okay, no, begged is more like it) to be a counselor at camp, well . . . my initial reaction was no way. No way was I going to go ride herd on a bunch of kids. No way was I going to sleep in a room with 10 other people (not to mention share one bathroom with that many). No way was I going to put that much responsibility on myself when the only remotely similar thing I'd done before was vacation Bible school at church with about 20 kids total. But something kept me from outright telling her no. I put it off: "You know that's not my thing." "I don't want to." "What's it worth to ya?" "I'd need more information about it first." And I was convinced that stalling long enough would eventually put me past the deadline and it'd be too late to send in my form. Smart, right? I wickedly kept her hopes up (or we could say I was polite and didn't tell her no right away), and impatiently waited for that deadline to arrive. And then I prayed about it. You know when sometimes, God tells you to do things that you really don't wanna do? Yeah. The more I prayed about it, the more I felt Him telling me to go to camp. And I wasn't really thrilled with Him at the moment. So I talked to someone about it, asked questions, and was given the form. And I went to camp this past week. I was slightly freaked out; I didn't know what I was doing; what if I did something completely wrong? I was the only counselor for 10 junior high girls; what if they would constantly try to bend the rules? I hated being around crowds; what if all the people freaked me out? I was a picky eater; what if we always had food that I didn't like? (Yes, that last one is totally a legit fear) So, I'm not going to go into detail and describe every detail about the week. Because that would take forever. BUT. Let's just say that it was both worst and better than I expected. But I will give you some  highlights. -My first night there, I met a lady who happened to be the sister-in-law of a pastor in our area. -Said lady (Sara) happened to be a counselor in the cabin adjoining mine, along with another lady, and they both kinda took me under their wings. -I became super homesick and overwhelmed (I've never even been to camp as a camper before, y'all!) and Sara sweetly offered to trade places with one of my campers. -The food was amazing. Like, no complaints. -All the girls in my cabin were epic. I never had to worry about any of them trying to sneak one past me, or about them being anywhere they weren't supposed to be. -There were so many things to keep all the kids occupied, we were rarely all grouped together at the same time. What are some things I learned this week? Well . . . -Going for a week without social media is completely doable. Don't freak out about it, peeps. -Energizers (Star Trekking, anyone?) are so. much. FUN. -Counselors learn just as much during chapel as the kids. -Checking your emails after a week can be overwhelming. -Carpet ball is actually addictive. -I like bananas . . . I know that mangos are sweet . . . (c'mon, ya'll, if you know what I'm talking about, let me know!!) -I never want to go another week without reading more that three pages. -There's nothing like praising the Creator through amazing music with a hundred other people. MORAL OF THE STORY: When God tells you to do something, just do it. Even if you don't know why, and you're still not sure why it happened after it's over. Because everything is for a purpose, even if you don't know what that purpose is. He will work through your fear, and He'll work through your happiness. He will work through your tears, and He will work through your smiles. He will work through the rain, and He will work through the sunshine. Trust Him. In the right conditions, mustard seeds grow to be trees that withstand anything. Water your faith, surround yourself with the right conditions, and watch it grow. (I can't take credit for those lines, though . . . Pastor Bob's messages were pretty epic.) Do it even when you don't want to, even when it's painful. Because your trust and faith in Him grow best when you're not in your comfort zone. Do I know why God called me to go to camp? Not really. Maybe it was so I could give hugs to homesick girls. Maybe it was simply to stretch myself. Maybe it was for a reason that I'll never know about. But whatever the reason—I'm glad I went. It was an experience I won't soon forget. Will I go back next year? God only knows. I have to admit that camp wasn't really my thing. But sometimes God calls us to do things that we aren't comfortable doing. And that's when we need to take that leap of faith and just do it.
My Mission  Stressed but blessed  Under a mountain of work  Trying to dig myself out  Trying to find the end  Somehow forgetting  That this is my mission  This is my purpose  Every little project  Building into a greater plan  Sometimes it doesn't  Feel like that  But I have to remember  That I don't look at things  The way God does  And every little project  Every letter I write Is building on something  Bigger then I can see  Sorry this is so late, the internet here has been terrible.  
WHY STUDENTS SHOULD CONSIDER SUPPORTING THE STRIKE Should University students be conflicted over lecturers’ being on strike and cancelling classes? The point of being a student is to be able to engage in wider debate, look at the bigger picture and analyse issues that are beyond our individual concerns. But in an age where so much stress is placed on getting a good education as a route to a good job many students, like me, are panicking over missing lectures for two weeks with exams looming in two months’ time. An opportunity to discover the wider debate about the strike presented itself yesterday when I turned up for a seminar. I had spent hours preparing for this lesson. At the entrance to university, I was stopped by two lecturers, pictured above, who asked me not to cross the picket line and to lend my support to the strike. I took the opportunity to speak to them. They explained how lecturers often accept lower salaries for the promise of long-term financial security in the form of pensions. This is a deal which they accept over a lifetime. So when pensions are axed it makes the career choice much less financially viable.  If lecturers are seen as being treated unfairly who, as one of the professors said, would consider becoming a lecturer among current and future students?  Academia becomes a rather unattractive choice as a career and current lecturers are likely to search for alternative employment. The penny dropped for me. Students need to realise that this strike not only affects lecturers but also has serious repercussions in the long-term for the future of higher education in this country. Channel 4's Dispatches programme entitled 'Britain's University Spending Scandal' highlighted to me the disproportionate spending of vice-chancellors on expenses. Obscene amounts were spent purchasing mugs, pillows, expensive wine and lavish dinners. There was even the ridiculous case of the University of Surrey spending more than £1600 on relocating their vice-chancellor's dog. Why should lecturer's take cuts to their pensions, which form their financial security, when universities refuse to prioritise their salaries?  It seems that it's not the case that universities do not have the resources to support lecturers' pension but that they refuse to be responsible and fair with their spending. Universities pay ridiculously high salaries to vice-chancellors while lecturers face cuts. Take, for example, Bath University who paid the vice-chancellor almost half a million last year.  It is the same old tired situation of those at the top earning disproportionately large salaries whilst claiming it is necessary to cut pay to employees. I have always wholeheartedly supported the right to strike and I now am convinced that students do have a responsibility to consider supporting this strike. It should also be noted that the demands the strikers are making force universities to consider students as being more than mere consumers. Education is being monetised in a seriously debilitating manner. It is important that we are viewed as integral and valued members of university otherwise universities view us merely as financial pawns and our concerns will only ever be tackled from a financial perspective. Education is a public service. Lecturers provide a public service. Educated students and lecturers contribute to the skills demands of the country.  Lecturers who are on strike are not the enemy. We need to move closer to a more beneficial and fairer system of education.
WILL WOMEN BE EQUAL TO MEN IN 100 YEARS? - THE OPINION OF A TEENAGE GIRL  Yesterday the Guardian published an article entitled 'Will women be equal to men in 100 years? The panel verdict' in honour of the centenary anniversary of the Representation of the People Act which marked the start of female suffrage in the UK. The article collates the opinion of 5 women on the possibility of total gender equality by 2118. It addresses a range of issues including the necessity of free childcare in order to ensure equality and the possibility of a rise in "working class feminism".  The article stood out to me as it considers the possible future of gender equality from the perspective of several women, however, it does not put forward the opinion of a young girl. It is up to my generation to dismantle systematic inequalities and eradicate sexism from daily interactions, I have observed first hand the realities of sexism in my generation and I can see that full gender equality will not be possible in the next 100 years.  Whilst it is undeniable that significant strides in gender equality have been made in the past few years this progress is undercut by the continual presence of the female body as a marketable and controlled product.  Don't get me wrong, I have been delighted to see the emergence of fourth wave feminism and to see the rise of the gender equality movements such as #metoo. However, we cannot become complacent because we have a long way to go.  Any claims that gender equality has been, or is close to being, reached are false and this is evidenced by the rise of Instagram body types, the election of Trump and the appearance of the female body as the main mode of capitalist advertisement.  Young girls are plagued with an unattainable body image from a young age and this is perpetuated through the media and increasingly through social media. It is inescapable and I see it every day. There are countless numbers of girls on Instagram who have thousands of followers simply for having the 'ideal' body type. Whilst I encourage the celebration of the female body the extent of this is beyond unhealthy and becomes a constant template of comparison for young girls.  What makes this so much worse is that these models often advertise ways to get this 'ideal body' which includes products such as 'FitTea' and waist trainers. These products have actually been proven to be bad for your body with FitTea simply acting as a laxative and waist trainers altering the shape of your internal organs. One of the most famous of these Instagram models is Alexis Ren who has almost 12 million followers. Alexis has admitted to having an eating disorder, whilst there is no shame in this, she is hailed as an example of health and beauty and girls compare their bodies to hers in a self-degrading way. This kind of sexism is achieved through the control of women's bodies and it is so embedded in our society that girls self-police. They choose to follow these women and compare themselves, this is something I am guilty of and it is almost inescapable.  The above image was created by the clothing company 'Suistudio' and offers a commentary on how advertising uses women's bodies as selling points by reversing the typical gender roles. The image may seem unnecessarily derogatory to the male model but it is shockingly accurate. Upon searching the term 'perfume ad' into google the two images below were some of the first results that popped up. These images are strikingly similar to the above picture. Women's bodies have become cogs in the capitalist marketing machine and this has embedded sexism so deeply in our society that men and women alike are conditioned to consider female appearance as their most important characteristic above all else.  Until this is tackled true gender equality cannot ever be achieved as women will be unable to move beyond this sexualised image and any gender equality achievements will simply be one step forward and two steps back  Laurie Penny expressed the expected role of women in this society in her fantastic book 'Meat Market' where she writes, "Women are commanded to always look available but never actually be so, where, we are obliged to appear socially and sexually consumable whilst consuming as little as possible".  The election of Trump, an accused sexual abuser who admitted to using women's bodies however he pleased in his famous quote "grab them by the pussy", is perhaps the greatest evidence that gender equality is nowhere near being eradicated. The president of America is often described as being 'the most important person in the world'. When 'the most important person in the world' perpetuates and encourages sexist and abusive behaviour it validates a continuance of gender inequality which will take generations to remedy.  Please don't even present the argument that the UK is closer to gender equality just because we currently have a female prime minister. Firstly Theresa May is a right-wing white woman and, secondly, she is far from being a champion of women's rights. As Home Secretary, she oversaw the running of Yarl's Wood detention centre, a detention centre for immigrants and asylum seekers, where female detainees experienced physical, sexual and verbal abuse of which May did nothing to remedy. She is just another Conservative agent. The Western world is no shining beacon of gender equality.  As Polly Toynbee aptly phrased it, "never underestimate the size of the task to reverse all history since time began." My generation has begun the reversal of gender inequality but we simultaneously encourage it. The task of gender equality is  humungous and will not be complete by 2118.
THE PERFECT DUO FROM THE BODY SHOP  For a while I have been lusting over two products from The Body Shop, then when I saw that they sold them together in a little set I was very close to buying it but in the end I didn't get it. Then recently for my birthday, my best friend kindly gave it to me as a present which I was so happy to receive as she knew that I had been wanting it. So after a few weeks away from blogging, now I am back and I am going to be reviewing The Body Shop Flawless Finish Collection.  This duo includes the All In One Instablur primer and the All In One BB Cream. These two products have been on my wish list for such a long time as I'd heard many good reviews about them. If you buy both of them separately it is ׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ²׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ£26, but in the set it is ׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ²׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ£20 which I think is quite a good deal! The packaging of both the products is very easy to use as it is a tube that you simply squeeze.   I'll start with the BB Cream, it reminds me slightly of the L'oreal BB Creams as it squeezes out as a white consistency which contains pigment particles. So once you rub and blend it in the pigment particles burst and release the skin tone colour. It is very easy to blend and feels very lightweight on my skin. The coverage is fairly low which is what I would expect in a BB Cream, but it does give the effect of blurring out my pores and blemishes. It also gives a really lovely dewy effect which is going to be so nice in summer (when the sun eventually comes out - typical English weather!) I will definitely be using this product when I want a really natural, fresh looking skin day! I am very pleased with this product and will definitely be repurchasing it when I run out!  I've heard lots of good things about the Instablur primer, and it's fair to say that I have not been disappointed by it! It is quite a thick primer, so of you're not into that then I wouldn't recommend it. And it is also not very suitable for people with dry skin, as it has a matte finish. This means that it helps to keep my skin matte during the day and not oily, which is just what I have been looking for! The primer also acts like a great base for applying makeup onto as the BB cream blends really well on top of the primer. Both the products work really well together, and I would recommend you buy the set if you like the sound of these two products. I am so happy that I received this for my birthday as it is works so well and I am very impressed with the formula of the products! Thank you for reading!
Peanut Butter Cup Blondies There was a beautiful breeze blowing through my kitchen window on Sunday morning. Everyone in my family was taking a nape, leaving the house was quiet, with the exception of the birds chirping outside, the trees blowing in the wind, and the sound of the an occasional card driving by on this dead end road. It felt so much like autumn I think I should've been baking apple pie instead of blondies! These blondies are very moist, dense, soft but still chewy, with the wonderful taste of peanut butter and chocolate. I've used this blondie recipe before, and I stole the chocolate frosting recipe from my awesome friend "hollie". The difference? This time instead of nuts and chocolate chunks, put chopped Reeses peanut butter cups in the batter. No, it's not original at all, but it's extremely tastey! blondie1.jpg I used a 12 oz. package of reeses minature peanut butter cups and chopped them however I liked. Usually fours, thirds and in half. blondie3.jpg Blondies (recipe found here, on SmittenKitchen) one 12 oz. package of Reeses miniature peanut butter cups. 16 tablespoons butter (2 sticks) , melted 2 cup brown sugar (I used dark) 2 egg 2 teaspoon vanilla 2 Pinch salt 2 cup all-purpose flour Unwrap Peanut Butter cups and chop into pieces of either fours, thirds, or halfs. Butter an 9x13 pan Mix melted butter with brown sugar - beat until smooth. Beat in egg and then vanilla. Add salt, stir in flour. Stir in chopped Reeses. Pour and spread into pan. Bake at 350°F 20-25 minutes, or until set in the middle. (mine cooked a little longer than this) While baking, prepare frosting. Chocolate frosting: 2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder 6 tbls. boiling water 1 stick butter 3 cups powder sugar 1 tsp vanilla extract add the cocoa powder and water in a medium bowl and stir into a soft mass. Add butter and blend to combine, about 30 seconds. Beat in powder sugar and vanilla on low speed until incorperated. Beat on medium speed until forsting lightens and is fluffy, about 2 minutes. Let Blondies cool the spread with forsting. WARNING: these won't last long!
Go Burda Style! I was very excited to read that Burda Style have embraced open source sewing. This means that they've removed the copyright from their patterns, sharing intellectual property. We can sew and sell our creations using Burda patterns!! For more details see the Burda Style blog. Now I just have to resist the crazy urge to resign from my job and sew for a living, LOL ;-)!
Time for change Hey everyone, I have some news. It's actually huge news and I'm nervous as hell.  Until recently I've been back and fourth in my mind with this decision. And I feel like I need to vent. So two days ago I reached out to a gender therapist and scheduled an appointment.  I'm terrified! I'm terrified that they will confirm my suspicions that I'm transgendered. I'm also terrified equally that they will tell me I'm not trans. Does that make any sense.  I have been suppressing these feeling for so long I feel like it's almost normal to feel numb. But talking to some people in my life from this community and my friend here at home has given me a new sense of reality. I've  been fantasizing in my mind at the idea of just being myself. Just allowing myself to be me, whoever that may be..  I have concerns about my daughter. I have a little girl who is seven. She and I are super close. And I'm scared for what this will mean for her and I and our future. It also concerns me that I'm 34 and not a small petite man. The testosterone has been doing its thing for far too long.   I actually thought of self medicating years ago just to get that feeling of being someone else. The feeling of medamorphasis that lots of the girls describe. But it's so dangerous to self medicate and there is far too much to lose and leave behind. Besides, if I'm gonna start on hormones, I think it will be obvious to most people that I would be changing and the question goes to, why not just come out and do it right. But I'm not sure I am trans.. Although I'm pretty sure I am.  I'm not suicidal, nor do I feel depressed. I just feel empty. Like my time as who I am now has run it course and there no more I could do. Other times I feel like I'm living a lie and I am trying too hard to be who I'm not. Other times I feel like I'm exactly who I'm supposed to be. But it always fades.   So I want to start using this blog while I'm going through my self exploration to discuss gender issues. I want to get your insight on different topics. I know many of my friends in this wonderful community who have transitioned and they are brave and strong for doing it. They have endless advice to give and I'm willing to take it all to the bank.  My friend Danielle asked me the other day to name three things I love and cherish in my life. Naturally, I said my daughter, my new found health and my family/friends.  She paused as she teared up with a half cocked grin. Her words were never more pure and true.  She said, "You never mentioned yourself. You never put yourself, your actual self on the list. It's okay to self love as long as you truly see yourself and feel good."   She was right, not that I mind putting everyone in my life first but it's okay to put ourselves at the top of the list.  So in the most purest of ways, I feel like I'm doing that by making this appointment.  So I want to thank Dee and Dawn for everything. They have been great friends. I've never felt such a connection to people I've never met before in person. But if you could use people like them to describe our community and how we take care of each other, it would paint a perfect picture.  And I will still make captions but I really want to start using this blog for more. I want to discuss these topics and so much more.  Thank you everyone, and as always I hope you're all healthy and happy.  Feel free to comment your thoughts. And I'll join in the discussion.  xoxoxo Katie Mills
Paywalls and Reading   Recently, just about everything I want to read is behind a paywall. The cost of entry is not one I am willing to pay though some of the content is great. I am definitely part of a large consumer trend here in my unwillingness to pay for content that may even be of interest. It seems like a pay per read would be a more palatable option for most people. Forcing a subscription down our throats can only meet with resistance. Consequently, everyone loses out - niche publications that are investing in content creation or curation will lose out because they lack in volume and variety to make  the subscription option attractive.   Mainstream publications that have the volume and variety issue solved do not offer enough in terms of spike in level of interest to trigger the subscription commitment. Add to this the growing use of ad-blockers. All of this makes for a very complex situation to negotiate between producers and consumers of content. In the meanwhile, I just go look for free content on the topic that I am pay-walled from. So far, that has been a positive experience and lead to discovering publications that are absolutely wonderful - but for the maze of paywalls, I would have never discovered them.
Done gardening! All that's left is the weeding and watering and cursing at small rodents.  I planted the rest of the seeds and plants I bought, moved pots, distributed earth, weeded, carried things down to the basement, and carried things up. Now to sit back and relax... except for weeding. And spraying for rabbits and squirrels (the chipmunk does as he pleases). And watering.  We have a mysterious pond (well, more of a Very Wet Spot) that has never completely gone away and gets deeper every time it rains. I kind of like it - looks very natural and there are dragonflies in it! My landlord is not so enthusiastic, but he doesn't have time to deal with it. Anyways, I waded out into it and sprinkled mosquito bits to cut down on the mosquitoes. The mud is about ankle deep and the deepest part is maybe six inches. So it's more of a large puddle maybe.  I added more alyssum to the dahlia pots - they are all growing pretty well. The zinnias and aster seeds are coming up, the tomatoes not so much. I will just have to wait and see on those.  The lilies have a crown of buds! I think they are going to be orange or yellow. The gladiolas are 6-12 inches high and three or four freesia stalks came up.  I'm not sure the flower seeds I planted in my big pots will ever actually grow - I added some cosmos seeds. I also put in a pot of snapdragon plants and pulled a big chunk of what I thought was chives but upon closer inspection was grass.  The callas are definitely slower this year - last year at this time they were a foot or more high! They're just spears and a couple have not even come up yet. I left it too late to buy pansies, so I put in a lot of seeds and a few have sprouted. I put portulaca seeds in the one pot where nothing has come up yet.  I planted three calibrachoa plants in my new pot holders on the trellis, then two pots of peas and a lemon thyme plant. I also added some dying mint from Sara. I planted two fuschias and moved out one extra pot. The anemones are large and fluffy but no blossoms yet.  The Monet garden looks kind of messy. Between all the daffodils sprawling around after finishing flowering and the sprouting birdseed and the ground elder I was never able to fully remove... But I organized my trellises (I'm waiting for two 9 foot ones to go in front of the window which are backordered to mid-June) and I noticed that morning glories are already popping up from last year. I weeded a lot, not that you can tell, and put morning glory seeds in the bird pots on the trellis as well as a little fertilizer, and extra nasturtiums in the bare spot at the front of the garden.  I ran out of dirt! Luckily, Sara was running errands and got me some more. I decided to put the four o'clocks and nasturtiums in pots - I just can't keep up with weeding the ground elder. I bought two nasturtiums, a climber and a peach melba, and put them in big pots at the back. Everything else I just kind of shoved in here and there. I put the nasturtium seedlings in my window box with some fertilizer. The honeysuckle is still alive and there are a few sprouts of four o'clocks here and there but it's hard to tell. The amaryllis mostly seem to be alive, buried in the ground elder. I also put in a window box with bushy morning glories (blue ensign) outside my bedroom window.  Sprayed everything with liquid fence and I am DONE!!
Holiday Time! I just realized it's been too long since I've posted here.  But I didn't want to pass up the chance to post on 12-12-12, the last symmetrical date we will ever see in our lifetimes!  And it's happening right in the thick of holiday time, with Hanukkah underway, Christmas very close, and the end of the year within sight as well.   I absolutely love Christmastime.  And though I haven't been as diligent about my exercising as I would like, at least I have not abandoned it altogether.  If I can even go to the gym once a week between now and the end of Christmastime (in our house, January 6 is the last day of Christmastime), I'll consider it a success.  Though I haven't really lost any weight since we got back from Ireland in early November, I also haven't gained any - I'll take that, thank you very much.  I know for a lot of people, the time between Thanksgiving and New Year's Day is when they lose their motivation, time, and desire to remember to stay healthy.  It's so easy to do, since even if you don't go crazy with parties and celebrations, there's usually something on your calendar that keeps you running around.  I'm doing better this year than I have for quite a few years, and it's actually making me more thoughtful about eating and exercising.  I grab some steps whenever I can at work, and on days when the weather cooperates, I try to walk around the block at least during lunchtime, or take the slightly longer route walking home.  I haven't made myself give up any goodies, but I try to not eat as much and/or have a smaller meal next time.  I enjoy this time of year too much to become a martyr.  And tomorrow, I have my annual mammogram.  I don't look forward to it, but I know it's necessary, and have been fortunate to have been able to avoid even more drastic measures down the road since my cancer was caught early.  Every year, I think my luck is gonna be up again, but so far I've had a good report each time.  Hopefully tomorrow will be the same result.  In the meantime, I'll be right here, enjoying myself.  Why don't you do the same???
Dear John,  This is meant for when you doubt me the most. At 3am when you're awake with Oreo cookies that you'll regret in an hour. This is meant for that moment when you step aside to make that important phone call. When you are getting into your car, turn on the radio, and realize that you are completely alone. This is for when your head rewinds and nostalgia gently pulls your hands from the steering wheel and presses them into her heart. This is for when you catch yourself accidentally staring at the sky and, instead of seeing the big dipper, seeing flushed cheeks, blonde hair, and blue eyes gazing up, and then back at you, in wonder.  Maybe this is meant for tomorrow. Maybe this is meant for five years from now. Right now, in my world, it is 2am and you are closing your beautiful eyes and thinking of our conversation tonight. You are letting it lull you to sleep and you are dreaming of things that aren't me. Tires, your coworker, marshmallows, and shoelaces.  ("I would like to lie next to him in the dark and watch him breathe and watch him sleep and wonder what he's dreaming about and not get an inferiority complex if the dreams aren't about me.” )  It's funny.. Two years ago, I imagine I'd be beginning a letter something like this, It is morning.   "Dear John, I see it all now, it was wrong…"  But lately you have been writing, like you used to without me. And I wonder if you do this to bring yourself closer to me. Your head lies beside mine.  Tonight you asked me what you should write about. I told you to write about what you know. Or more importantly, what you don't know.  Well I don't know what's going to happen…  We're labeling the utensil drawer in the kitchen: "Girlfriend." "Best Friends." "Lover…"  And all my friends are probably right about you. "He's arrogant." "You'll probably fight every day like you are now." "He's selfish." "He probably won't spend enough time with you."  All the cards are wrong, scrambled like a game of 52 pickup.  You are overly confident. I am shy. You are street smart. I am book smart. You've never taken any shit from anybody. I am a pushover. Your parents would probably hate me. I like to go pumpkin picking. You're well versed in the "lie." I spit out the truth in the form of alphabet soup. You are dangerous. I am safe. You are obsessed with money. I could live happily impoverished. You're controlling. Well, so am I…  There is nothing that deems us perfect for each other. I am sorry..   But..  We're on an unpaved road in the middle of nowhere, Under the gutters of a beautiful house. I hold your calloused hands in mine and kiss the river-valleys on your palm. That scar you don't think I notice on your cheek. That clenched jaw. It's pitch black outside, but I am seeing white flashes of light. I feel your hands melting into my curves. Your breath warm on my neck, like the fire coals on cold Christmas morning. I feel your mouth slide slowly down my chest-- And our scars match. I can find Orion's belt this time of year. I wish you wouldn't leave tonight. And then you pull away, and look at me. A look that you described the other night: "… I can't believe that I was lucky enough to kiss someone like you again, and you're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen…" I ask you "what's wrong" like a skipping record. And like a favorite movie I've seen too many times, you laugh And whisper "nothing." You lean closer, and place that perfect mouth back on mine, As I hold my breath and dive back under.  It's a year and a half ago. I've followed you around this building a million times by now. I'm dirty and I made sure to bring the best clothes Because I knew I'd see you tonight. Nonchalantly, I've changed in the bathroom while you waited outside. Now we are here: Me, laying on the table, you, sitting at a nearby bench. I am looking up at the ceiling and laughing When you jump up in excitement. I rise and go to follow you in the other room When you reappear with a baseball glove and ball. I watch your body ease back, Flowing like a river-body into the ocean, Your strong arms fluidly pulling back into the windup, Concentrated. Then you strike, release, Like a black mamba launching at his pray. I watch the baseball bounce on the large wall with a "crack" And smile: It's my favorite sound. But you are already ahead of me, Scooping the ball with such ease. And I am sure this is what Grace looks like. You glance back at me with the most beautiful expression I have ever seen, A mixture of confidence and excitement. "Did you see that?" And I am sure this is what Love looks like…  It's almost two years ago. We are in a coffee shop, I remember looking for your car, unsure if you'd show. The boy I knew would never entertain a girl for coffee.. It's sunny out, and I like the way the sun warms my face. I see you peek out of the back of a gray car that I don't recognize. Time feels like this, huh? And then I see the clenched jaw, The strong shoulders, The confident walk. I freeze, if only for a second. I forgot. I forgot. I forgot. My heart forgot what it felt like to drop in my stomach. You buy my coffee, and I am surprised. The boy that I knew would never entertain a girl for coffee, And then buy it for her. It's awkward, I'm pulling at my sleeves. I want to leave. Maybe I will make something up, Work. School. Fear. But then your gaze catches mine; "The look." A hundred times before, I have seen it. It stays just for a fleeting moment, a millisecond, Like a shooting star. I stop and stare. But this must mean.. And then I catch myself before any "L" words slip out, I focus. We laugh over our childhood, and then you look over your shoulder. "Well, I have to go return this watch that I bought for my girlfriend." And I am curious. I fight myself from asking questions that immediately come to mind: "Do you love her," and instead opt for comfortable ones, slipping them on like a glove. "What's she like? Do I know her?" We say goodbye. You embrace me. It lingers. God damn, does it linger...   It's four and a half years ago. I am in my bed, buried underneath the covers, I cradle a hot, sweaty phone between my ear and my pillow. This is the holy grail, after all. You have fallen asleep 30 minutes ago. We will wake up in three hours, at the same time, And I will get dressed, and leave to see you. Five minutes in the hallway, and we will crack the jokes that we've rehearsed tonight. Everyone will laugh, But I won't. You will look at me with that gleam in your eye, And my heart will turn over onto itself, I will only smile and stare at the floor, Face flushing red. I am a novice, a rookie. Boys like you do not look at girls like me like that. You told me another story about your family tonight, And I listened, like a good friend should. But little do I know, I am collecting moments. The universe has stopped, but for an hour or two. You and I are an imitation model of the planets, attached in the center by rods, Slowly spinning around each other, Unaware of the others in our orbit. You laughed, and I stifled mine Just to hear the sound of joy rise from your throat. How I wanted to kiss the instruments that create such a song. I am suddenly stirred by a sound at the other end of the phone. Your muffled breathing-- One day there won't be a phone between us. But then… "Mmm. Courtney…" A deep, exhausted breath. I smile, and imagine myself dancing through your dreams. I know you can't hear me, But I hope somehow these words can penetrate the dimensions, Can make you feel safe, wherever you are right now, Can slide through the membrane, Can envelope the heart. "I love you…"  Well, I don't know what's going to happen...  I imagine you driving in your car on the way to her house, Singing that song that's meant for me. I see your mind switch from where you've been to where you're going. I imagine you greeting her with a kiss From that beautiful mouth that was meant for me. I imagine you telling her stifled stories that you've already told me. I imagine you taking her out, Wining and dining her. Holding her hand, And when she's not looking, Shoving your hand down into your pocket, To check if I've been thinking of you. I imagine you trying "the look" at her, But being unable to penetrate. I am the aura curled around the both of you, In small, candle-lit bistros. "…Because I know no other way than this, Where I does not exist, nor you, So close that your hand on my chest is my hand, So close that your eyes close as I fall asleep."  And so how long do we sit here, See-sawing between each others insecurities? How many nights do we fall asleep in different on opposite sides of the universe? How many nights do we look into the eyes of the one we love: "Non è abbastanza." You, hammer in hand, crashed through my walls, Only for me to stand face to face with yours...  How many times do we "move on," Just to stand in wet evening grass hands intertwined? Days later, weeks later, years later. For how long do we wade in between "Lovers" and "Best friends, Not quite feeling comfortable in this water.  I've got one foot in and one foot out. The beautiful voice of another is calling my name. Again… I'm scrutinizing your pleading glare, Warring with yourself between "stay" or "go." If you left now, I don't even know what I would want…  I need you to believe...  But I do know that this is infinite:  In my dreams it is always dark, Your arms envelope me, And I am kissing your scars in the sand. "‘Cause there is nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline no matter how many times it’s sent away."  You are like the sun beams bouncing off of Autumn leaves. Intangible, But your spotlight permeates the forest floor,  Each leaf is defined as it floats downward. And if I stand just right, I can feel your sun beam kisses. You are surrounding me. I can bite the crisp fruit of "Season" that you've warmed for me, Like the "dolcini" of sunshine.  If you reached into the dark, and dusty corners of the Hippocampus-- noun: a curved elongated ridge that extends over the floor of the descending horn of each lateral ventricle of the brain, that consists of gray matter covered on the ventricular surface with white matter, and that is involved in forming, storing, and processing memory.  And swept out every piece of me, Rearranged me on the floor like a puzzle, I bet we could be split into moments. Here's mine:  The moment I heard you cry for the first time. We bloomed out of your moment of weakness, not strength.  Later that night, The moment that you first told me you loved me.  The moment you first wrote my name in a song, Isthiswhatyouthinkofinyour3amveins. How I wish I could live inside that mind. Beautiful disaster.
Sharing Isn't Caring... when it comes to men 9/27/14  I am one to question people who I consider close to me. When they do things that are immoral, I ponder over who they really are. I draw back a little. Call it judging if you may this one but this one scripture put it's in prospective for me:  "Proverbs 13:20-21 NLT  Walk with the wise and become wise; associate with fools and get in trouble. Trouble chases sinners, while blessings reward the righteous"  so now you get last blog post "You failed at life?", if you have not already.  In today's reading, I have another close friend that I've been questioning lately but let me start it like this,  If anyone recalls my 7 Billion Rule, it goes like this... They are are 7 billion in this world so know there is always someone else out there for you. You do not have to date the potential in others. You do not have to deal with other people's lewdness and fraudulent behavior. You do not have to on the realms of relationships and friendships.  I live by a 7 billion rule most of the time but always in these instances:  If a guy is promiscuous If a guy is deceitful If a person is being fake, living a lie If a person is doing things that may cause harm to my reputation  I often wonder why some women are so keen on sharing men. I let a guy know from the jump that sharing isn't caring when it comes to men. If I'm intimate with you, that's it. I'm not into unhealthy causes. They are too many things that you can contract out here dealing with just one person. The risks grows when more people are added into the mix.  When I find out a guy is with me and another one or more people I dismiss him for those very reasons. I will never understand why a woman will want to carry on with such a man. Is the "D" that good? What you can't find better "D"? Is has to be the "D" right? Or maybe not... It could be a matter of self worth. Some women feel like they cannot do better. They turn it on themselves, like they are the issue and with that it depicts who were brought up or shown to be Queens and who were not so let me say this.  Little Girls. Ladies. Women... We are Queens, We must treat ourselves as thus, and REQUIRE  a man to treat us as such. Stop settling for the sake of "I love you(s)"
Too Blind To See It Verbing...  Look man I love you. I am in love with you but I do have knowledge that everything or in this case everyone ain't for you.  You broke my heart. I thought I was past that but I feel like I just been in mental rehab. Every time you walk back in my life and draw us closer saying everything that I wish my King would say, only to label us the title of being "friends".  The mockery of it all.  Every one says "He's gonna come back again". I say to them "He better not".  It's like you are my favorite dish that has proven to be unhealthy for me unless I substitute a few ingredients with something else.  It's like you don't think about how this push and pull method has an effect on me. I love you... a lot but I want you to STOP. You cannot be my best friend and in love with me too. You are not allowed to slip up and tell me you love me.  It's not fair to my heart!  It hurts!  It's hard to be around you and not have you yet I am too afraid to tell you to go away because I would lose a prayer partner and a great friend.  My temptation...  You are my temptation.  I pray to the Lord to lead me not into temptation.  I cannot deal with this. My mind is boggling with every trivial thing that you do. I need to focus... I need to heal... I need to be with just me.  You want me to need you only when it's convenient to you. You want me to want you but you do not want me to have you. Then, you want me to be perfect and to be perfect yourself.  I cannot live a lie any longer. We are not perfect. We will disappoint and upset each other and we will make each other smile and laugh. Until you realize this a thought of a relationship is worthless. If you never take a chance that's on you.  Just know I tried.  I always kept it real regardless if it meant you would be upset temporarily. As a friend, a best friend should.  One whom loves flows for you so deep she would go to the every part of this world to stay by your side...  as your Queen even if you are too blind to see it.
Melted Snowman cookies I can across a recipe for melted snowman cookies while surfing the internet. Theres was incredibly complicated and used ingredients Id personally probably never buy. I saw on another site that they had modified it some and made it simpler but to me it still took longer then I care to take baking cookies. So I searched some more and found an even simpler method which I then took and deconstructed to fit my needs and below is the recipe Ive come up with. I hope you enjoy and please leave a comment if you try them.  Melted Snowman Cookies ----------------------- Items needed Marshmallows Icing Food coloring or colored icing pens Sugar Cookies 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon baking powder 1 cup butter, softened 1 1/2 cups white sugar 1 egg 1 teaspoon vanilla extract  Preheat oven to 375F degrees. In a small bowl, stir together flour, baking soda, and baking powder. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Gradually blend in the dry ingredients. Take a nice chunk of dough and form it into a puddle shape (sloppy circle). Bake 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden. Let stand on cookie sheet two minutes before removing to cool on wire racks.   While the cookies are baking prepare your favorite icing recipe. After removing the cookies from the oven ice them with the white frosting. It will drip over the edges and look sloppy but thats the look you want. Let them cool completely before finishing decorating.Once they are cooled. Depending on how many cookies you have place marshmallows on the a microwave safe plate and microwave 10-20 seconds. You want the marshmallows to flatten slightly in their centers. With pam sprayed fingers quickly transfer the melted marshmallows onto the cookie. As they cool they should stick to the cookie.   Lastly comes the decorating. You can choose to color the remainder of the frosting you made earlier with food dye or buy those nifty little frosting pens. Make some eyes,carrot nose and a smile on the marshmallow head and draw a simple tie on the cookie body and thats it your done. You can embelish them more if you like or make them even simpler if you choose. You could also use pre made sugar cookie dough and just complete the rest of the steps as described.   These will be cute for the Holidays or just as a winter treat. I hope you enjoy them as I do!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!  As Alex and I get ready to spend hours on the road visiting our Michigan and Missouri families over the next two weeks, I will be thinking of how grateful and lucky I am to have the support of so many amazing people. You have blessed my life in so many ways without ever knowing it or receiving recognition for it. Even if you're someone who just visits my blog regularly and never leaves a comment... thank you. Thank you for listening. Thank you for caring. Thank you for understanding.  To my clients, all of whom I consider dear friends- thank you for inspiring me every day - without you, I would be nothing. Thank you for encouraging me and supporting my passion. Thank you for opening your heart to me and sharing some of the most amazing moments of your life with me. I'm humbled by your love and compassion time and time again. Because of you, I strive to be a better person each day.  To my photographer friends whom I've grown so fond of, thank you for sharing your wisdom, your questions, and your ideas. I owe so much of my progress over the last year to the many things I've learned from you, and will continue to learn every day. I never take for granted how far I've come on the shoulders of other people. I only hope that I can continue to pay it forward for others.  To my friends and family, who have been with me every step of the way, thank you for your patience, for never crushing my spirit, and for allowing me the freedom to explore until I found something I was truly passionate about. My life has taken many twists and turns over the years, and no matter what direction I wanted to take, you were always right there with me enjoying the journey. Thank you for continuing to support me in all that I do. Because of you, I am successful in everything I put my heart into.  ... and last, but certainly not least... thank you God for bringing all of these amazing people and gifts into my life. Though there are times I don't feel worthy, I am always grateful and careful not to take these gifts for granted. My life is so blessed!
Multi-functionality Benefits of Restaurant POS Terminals to Escalate their Adoption Globally, point of sale (POS) terminals are being recognized as a highly efficient substitute to traditional cash registers and manual systems in restaurants. Their demand is estimated to witness a sharp rise in the coming years owing to their multifunctionality benefits. Restaurant POS terminals improve efficiency of business operations by cutting down order generation time and errors during peak hours. They also help in tax reporting, payroll, gathering sales figures, and inventory control. Features of Restaurant POS Terminals POS terminals are flexible systems that help users carry out their business operations in a profitable manner. A typical POS terminal at restaurants involves several features such as menu management, billing, customer relationship management, stock and inventory management, and reporting and analysis. Food Delivery Platform Partners with POS Terminal Developers to Provide Better Solutions Increasing partnerships between online food ordering and delivery platforms and POS terminal developers is likely to help restaurants improve their businesses. For instance, recently, online food ordering company Grubhub decided to team up with Oracle Hospitality to be able to give restaurants a more efficient way of managing in-house and delivery orders. The company says that the integration will improve operations, offer more and better business insights, and free up counter space. It also collaborates with the Upserve Breadcrumb point-of-sale (POS) system, while Toast POS is on their radar. Such partnerships are, therefore, likely to make way for advanced restaurant POS terminals. Market Insights Growing inclination toward digital payments, coupled with rising penetration of the Internet, is likely to be one of the primary growth stimulants of the global restaurant point of sale (POS) terminal market. Technological advancements in POS terminal systems such as introduction of real-time analytics can provide a significant push to the market in coming years. However, rising security issues pertaining to customers’ personal data can hamper growth prospects, finds Grand View Research Inc. Nevertheless, rising incorporation of cloud technology into restaurant POS terminals is likely to shape its future. The market is characterized by high competitive rivalry among key players. Partnerships and acquisitions and extensive research and development are some of the go-to growth strategies for majority of players. Some of the key players in the market are Verifone Systems Inc.; Ingenico Group; NCR Corporation; PAX Technology Limited; and Revel Systems.
Race Report: Bay Vista 5K & 10K Bay Vista 5k & 10K Location: San Mateo, CA, at Coyote Point Park Date: Late August (Aug. 22, 2010 this year) Price: 5K - $35, or $40 on race day. 10K - $40, or $45 on race day. Deadline: None, as far as I know; you can sign up the morning of the race. Sellout Factor: As people were still registering last year on the morning of the race, this one probably has a ways to go before it's at risk of selling out. Last year was the first year, though, and I have no idea if the organizers have any sort of cap in mind. Logistics Fantastic. Easy parking (it's $5 to enter the park) maybe 100 yards from the start. This, combined with the fact that both courses are loops, made a bag check unnecessary. Since it's such a small race, morning-of packet pickup was super easy. Lots of great sponsors (Sports Basement, Road Runner Sports, Bear Naked, Jamba Juice, Fluid, Clif, Larabars, & more), & tons of free snacks & drinks before & after. Also free sports psychology & chiropractor consultations afterward. I also really appreciated how they worked hard to limit event flyers, use recycled paper for the ones they did make, and didn't give out a big plastic bag full of samples you won't try, coupons you won't use, and flyers for events you won't attend. Instead, you could pickup a reusable bag if you wanted (courtesy of Bear Naked) and grab samples to throw in it as you wanted. Finally, this was the first race I've done where the results were posted at the race site within a few minutes of the event wrapping up. The Course Except for one reasonably sized hill (conveniently located near the end), both courses are basically flat and follow the Bay Trail south past the marina and Coyote Point Yacht Club. Running through the park along the Bay makes for a beautiful course. I ran the 5K as a tune-up for RNR San Jose and it was awesome. It was my first road 5K in years and I hadn't been doing much speed work at all (and certainly nothing you could call focused 5K training), so I was kind of nervous. I was planning to run somewhere in the ~7:15 range since I really didn't know what I was capable of at all at that point & figured that was probably safe. I was only wearing a regular stopwatch, though, & when we hit the first mile marker, I nearly choked when I saw that it read 6:40! "Oh, this is not good," I was immediately thinking, "NOT good AT ALL." It was possible that I was faster than I thought, but not THAT much faster. At that point, my strategy became simply to hold on & run as hard as I could for as long as I could. I passed several struggling women in mile 2 who had clearly gone out too fast in an even more egregious manner than I had & latched on to a middle-aged dude who I thought was going a pace I could match (at least for a while). Glad I did because we were far enough out in front at that point that he was the only person I could see, & I nearly turned the wrong way until he shouted "NO, THIS WAY!" at me. "ACK!" I squealed, nearly running into him. In mile 3, I wanted to die. I hadn't checked my watch at mile 2 so I had no idea how fast I was running, but I knew that letting up with less than a mile left would've been a shameful, shameful thing. There was a small but quite steep hill near the end of the third mile, and it was at that point that I *actually* thought I might die & the middle-aged dude pulled away from me & sprinted to the finish. With probably ~.1 mile left to go, I also sprinted to the finish, by which I mean I hurled my body desperately toward it & hoped that my feet would more or less stay underneath me. I felt worse after that race than I think I have after any other since high school. Even a few minutes after finishing, I was not sure I would live. I was panting for breath & stumbling around like a drunk person, pouring myself cup after cup of water from the orange jug in the finisher area & attempting to get it into my mouth & mostly missing. I think the volunteers there were actually concerned for my safety. I am pleased to say that I came in first in my age group and second overall with a time of 22:00 flat (7:05 / mile pace). I was more sore in the days that followed that race than I've been after any other I can remember, but I still had a great time & was glad I did it. Goodies Bay Vista Tech ShirtOne of the draws of this race is definitely the technical shirt from Greenlight Apparel (made from 100% recycled materials!). It's a lovely shirt & I run in it all the time. Also, instead of a medal, finishers get a stainless steel water bottle (which I find infinitely more useful), & framed certificates were awarded to age group winners three deep by decade. This race was just a ton of low-key fun. I'd totally do it again. :)
BUDGET-FRIENDLY COLLEGE MATERIALS Starting college this year? Back to school? Still hassling around for textbooks? One of many issues that most college students run into are expensive textbooks for class. While many go to the campus bookstore to buy them, the rest of us are looking for a more affordable outlet. Chegg. While Chegg does not have a physical store, they do have a website where you can order to buy or rent a textbook. If you sign up for their mailing list on their website, they email coupons of discounts and free shipping. The books they provide are more affordable whether you’re looking forward to buy or rent from them. On top of that, their customer service is reliable. Might want to hurry because classes start soon. Valore Books. As per Chegg, Valore Books provides affordable books — some may be cheaper or more expensive than the other, so it’s advisable to compare the sites to fit your budget better. Also signing up for their mailing list will assure some discounts of their own. And when you’re done with the semester, send the rented ones back or sell the books you bought right back to them.  College Book Renter. Another reliable and affordable site to buy, rent, or sell textbooks. eCampus. If you need another comparison, this would the one. One of the lowest prices I’ve come across so far. eBates. This doesn’t help your textbook needs necessarily, but if you’re a struggling college student, using eBates every time you shop online you will receive a check. Free money mailed out to you without any catches, who can refuse? UPromise. It’s a bit similar to eBates except the money goes straight to your college fund whether you’ve opened an account for it or not — it’s a great start. It’s not common to receive money just for shopping, so might as well seize the opportunity when it presents itself. Now that we’ve got the textbooks out of the way, that leaves back to school clothes and supplies. I have an eclectic taste, so if you’re not into urban styles, ignore the rest of this post. A few stores have launched their Fall lines, and everyone is already diving for some new clothes for the forthcoming fall season. Ever felt that you needed an assistant to help balance college life and personal life, but couldn’t afford one? Well, Fancy Hands has you covered. What’s Fancy Hands? It’s an internet savvy personal assisting service. No worries, you can trust founder Ted Roden to hire their most smart and savvy employees to complete every task you throw in their lap. Need to reschedule an appointment, email your manager or professor, book a hotel? They can take care of that for you. They can do any task that doesn’t involve the need of being present in person, so they unfortunately can’t FedEx a package for you. The best part of it is it’s wallet-friendly: $25 gets you 5 requests. While they take care of the smaller tasks for you, you can balance college and personal life without breaking a sweat.
Settling in It's taken three long months but I think I am finally settling into London life. A HUGE part of that is finally securing a job - unemployment is an enormous factor in happiness when you're in a foreign country without your network of friends and family.  And job hunting in London is so much tougher than it ever was in Sydney.  For a contract role at a Telco I had 3 rounds of interviews, a psych assessment, a case study and a presentation.  Only to be rejected for an internal candidate.  So it's tough, but I have finally secured a contract with a retail bank in the UK and I start next week so I'm totally stoked.  I can honestly say that since securing a job I finally had my first decent night's sleep since March.  I've been slowly making friends and getting out a bit more.  Reformer Pilates has been my saviour whenever I've been frustrated with the work situation.  I've been pretty diligent with my home life - doing laundry, cooking, dishes, cleaning.  I have to admit I did let the eating habits slide a bit.  I was eating out of boredom which resulted in eating 5 meals a day and eating chocolate, pastries, cookies - foods that I never used to eat back at home.  It all came to a head a few weekends ago when I ate so much lunch I almost felt like throwing up.  I decided immediately that I would get back to 3 reasonably healthy/normal sized meals a day and it was surprisingly easier than I expected.  I'm slowly learning the names of the different tube lines and roughly where the main tube stops are.  I've started getting annoyed if I have to wait more than 5 minutes for a bus.  BUT I haven't started complaining about the weather (give it a few more weeks) and I certainly am not used to queueing for everything.  Brits love to queue.  Everywhere.  For anything.  I don't know whether the queueing culture has created a culture of slow service workers or vice versa but it's bloody frustrating.  I had been keeping a shopping list on my phone and I said to myself I would reward myself when I finally got a job (and also because when you're unemployed for 6 months, how do you justify buying all the fancy things?).  Of course my new job confirmation came at the same time as Black Friday and I may have gone a little crazy.  That's another post....  I have a few things planned for my final week of unemployment and if I stop being lazy I will actually blog about it.
HOW TO START RUNNING  how to start runningHi guys! I’m Becca and I blog over at Diary of a Slow Runner . My blog is  about my adventures in running. Jennifer asked me to guest post for her and talk a little bit about to get started with running.  beccarunI started running in May 2009 and completed my first 5k the following June. Since then I have done a handful of 5ks, 10ks, 8 half marathons, and my first marathon as part of the Goofy Challenge in Disney. I never would have thought I would be capable of running the way I do now, so I am proof that if you put your mind to it, you CAN do it! Believe me, if I can, anyone can!  If you want to start running here are a few tips.  Have a plan As a beginner runner, I feel like this is so important. You don’t want to start off too quickly with building mileage. This can result in hating running before you even have an opportunity to make it a life-long habit. I highly recommend the Couch to 5k Program. This program will work you up to running 3 miles or 30 minutes in 9 weeks. I believe there is also an app available for most smartphones to help you follow the plan. Once you “graduate” from there, try Gateway to 8k and Bridge to 10k. I did all of these, and still follow plans when training for races.  Take it slow It is easy to get caught up in your pace and feel like you have to beat your previous time. Don’t put this kind of pressure on yourself! For a while just focus on the minutes and seconds that you are on your feet – not the miles.  Shoes, watch, go! You only need a watch or app and a pair of shoes. There are millions of products out there for runners… GPS watches, sweat wicking clothing, Gus, compression gear, etc. It can be easy to get overwhelmed by all of it. When you’re starting out, all you really need is a good pair of running shoes and a way to track your time. Make sure to get your shoes fitted by a professional at your local running store. As for a way to track your time, any cheap stop watch will do. You can use online tools like Map My Run to map out a route ahead of time so that you know how far you are going. There are also bazillions of apps for smartphones now that will track your mileage and time. I personally like the Map My Run app.  Set a goal I don’t know about you, but I am a goal oriented person. Setting goals for myself in running, and more specifically training for races, helps me stay motivated. Set some type of goal for your self – running a race, running a certain distance, for a certain amount of time without walk breaks, up a huge hill, etc. It may seem scary to sign up for your first 5k but I promise it won’t be as bad as you think. And you may end up addicted to the thrill of running races, you never know.  Join a running community (online or in person) When I was first trying to figure out what all of this running business was about I joined the beginner’s forums on Runners World. For a while I just read the posts and once I got more comfortable I started posting. Being able to read about other people who were in the same boat as me and get advice from more seasoned runners was invaluable. The running community is extremely welcoming so I encourage you to join it whether it is through a local running club or an online community.  Don’t be intimidated! Every runner had their first run. Every runner has had their struggles. You are not alone. It’s all about having a good time.  Have fun!  Running is really so much fun. Enjoy yourself. The feeling of satisfaction you can get from running is really fantastic.  I hope that encourages you to take a step into running if you thinking about it! It’s really easy to get started and a really great way to exercise and de-stress!!  Thanks for reading, and thanks again Jennifer for letting me guest post! I hope you’ll stop by my blog, Diary of a Slow Runner and say hi!
Stephanie lost 52 pounds 20 AUGUST 13, 2019 BY AJIMA JACKSON LEAVE A COMMENT Transformation of the Day: Stephanie lost 52 pounds. She learned how to fight emotional eating, stress eating, and binge eating. Cutting out junk food, using at-home workout programs and going vegan has produced excellent results of this mom. Stephanie before and after I started gaining weight after I had my oldest son. Emotional eating, stress eating, and boredom eating were the main causes of my weight gain. I went from 165 pounds to 214 pounds. In 2014, I was my heaviest at 214 pounds. For two years after that, my weight would yo-yo up and down. It took until 2016 for me to get it right. By working out at home, using portion control, and learning to eat right, I was able to lose the weight and keep it off. I have been able to lose a total of 52 pounds. What was your motivation? What kept you going when you wanted to give up? My motivation was my kids. When I wanted to give up, I thought about how important it was to keep my health up for them. How did you change your eating habits? The first thing I did was understand the reasons behind my weight gain, which were stress eating, boredom eating, and emotional eating. I cut out junk food, such as cookies, chips, and candy that I was binge eating with. I learned how to make better food choices and how to meal prep by using Beachbody programs. Lastly, I went from an unhealthy vegetarian to a vegan. Tell us about your workout routine. I worked out at home 6 to 7 days a week using Beachbody programs and became a Beachbody coach. My very first program was P90X. Stephanie before and after What is your height? 5’6″ How long did your transformation take? I started my journey in 2014 and got serious in 2016. So far, it’s been a five-year transformation, and I’m still going. What is the biggest lesson you’ve learned so far? The biggest lesson I learned was to not binge out on junk when I got bored or stressed. What advice would you share with people who want to lose weight? The best advice I could give is for other people is to understand WHY you want or need to lose weight and make that your motivation. Instagram: @MRSSEXXYSTEPP Stephanie before and after
Norma has lost 20 pounds by juice fasting  Let’s celebrate 20 pounds down since 7/31 with Norma.  She looks amazing.  She says, “I currently lost a total of 20lbs so far, my starting weight was 173 on 7/31 when I started the “FAT SICK AND NEARLY DEAD” juice fast by joe cross and I have 8lbs left to go to get to my goal weight of 145lbs. I walk for an 1 hour a day or more except weekends and I do some exercises at home such as squats, light weights, jumping jacks and push ups. I have been a vegetarian for about 5 years now and by doing this juice fast I will transition myself to a vegan/ raw food lifestyle.” I believe in the power of raw food too, Norma. Congrats! For more great before and after photos, visit www.blackwomenlosingweight.com
Vegan Lasagna I recently watched the documentary (again...) Forks Over Knives, and have been trying out new recipes. Here is one I got from the Engine 2 Diet. I changed it a bit, mostly because I don't eat soy. This recipe is vegan, gluten-free, oil-free, and soy-free. I know that may sound scary, but trust me, it's delicious!  Ingredients: - 1 onion, chopped - 1 clove minced garlic (or more if you want!) - 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced - 1 head broccoli, chopped - 2 carrots, chopped - 2 red bell peppers, seeded and chopped (I just pick out whichever is the least expensive of the bell peppers) - 1 1/2 cups of frozen corn - 2 15 oz. cans cannellini beans, black beans, or any bean of your choice (if using dried, 3 cups cooked) OR one block of firm tofu - 1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper - 1 tsp. oregano - 1 tsp. basil - 1 tsp. rosemary - 3 jars vegan pasta sauce (or look below to make your own) - 16 ounces frozen spinach, thawed and drained - 2 large sweet potatoes, baked and mashed - 6 roma tomatoes, sliced thin - 1 cup raw cashews, ground - 2 packages gluten-free lasagna noodles, uncooked  Preparation:  Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.   Saut׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ³׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ© the onion and garlic on high heat in a pan for about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes, until they give up their liquid. Then empty them into a large bowl, leaving as much liquid as you can in the pan with a slotted spoon if you have one.   Then saut׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ³׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ© the broccoli and carrots for 5 minutes and add to the mushroom bowl. Saut׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ³׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ© the peppers and corn until just beginning to soften. Add them to the vegetable bowl.  Drain and rinse the beans in a colander. In a separate bowl, use a potato masher to mash the beans. Add them to the vegetable bowl.  Add spices to the vegetable bowl and combine all ingredients together with a mixing spoon.  To Assemble:  Cover the bottom of a 9-by-13-inch casserole with a layer of sauce. Add a layer of noodles. Cover the noodles with sauce. This way the noodles cook in the oven, saving time and energy. Spread the vegetable mixture over the sauced noodles. Cover with a layer of noodles and another dressing of sauce. Add the spinach to the second layer of sauced noodles. Cover the spinach with the mashed sweet potatoes. Add another layer of sauce, the final layer of noodles, and a last topping of sauce. Cover the lasagna with thinly sliced roma tomatoes.  Cover with foil and bake in the oven for 45 minutes. Remove the foil, sprinkle with the cashews, and return to the oven for 15 minutes. Let sit for 15 minutes before serving.   Enjoy! 
Kick the Sugar Habit! You know sugar is bad for you; consumption can be linked to every single illness you've ever (and never) had.  You also know it is the number one cause of weight gain.   If you`re going to eat sugar, you are going to get sick and you are going to get fat and you don`t want that!  But you can't stop yourself from eating it....  Why?  You're addicted. You'd probably be surprised to hear that sugar addiction is the most common addiction in our society today.  You might also be surprised to hear that is as addictive as nicotine, cocaine, heroin...  So if you thought that smoking and drugs were bad, you know now that your sugar habit is a serious thing too.   Sugar is highly addictive, highly damaging to your health and highly hard on your waistline.   Look how much sugar is in these ``healthy`` raisins: Anyone who's ever quit an addiction before knows the commitment it takes to 'get clean', and just like other addictions, giving up sugar is tough.  Lets face it - an addiction makes you feel good and who doesn't want that?!?  The thing is, that there are so many healthier ways to feel good.  Like for one, exercise.  And another, losing weight!  So lets get you off the sugar and onto the really good stuff in life, feeling great and exercise that gets you results!    Step 1: Quit eating sugar.  First, you need a goal and a plan and then you need strict commitment to your goal to stick to the plan.  We've already identified the goal...  It is to stop eating sugar.    The only way to go is cold turkey.  Because like other addictive drugs, just one 'hit' can cause a relapse.  You might think you need one bite of a chocolate bar to get you through the day, but who are you kidding, are you really going to stop after one bite???   Cold turkey!!!  Not a drop or a lick or a bite for one week.  Through this first week I strongly recommend avoiding all sugars, including fruit sugars.  Date sugar, maple sugar, raw sugar, high fructose corn syrup, fructose, dextrose, maltose and lactose, as well as molasses and honey are all out. Healthier sweeteners like agave nectar, maple syrup, brown rice syrup, barley malt and fruit juice sweetened items need to be significantly reduced. Organic sugar, organic cane syrup and organic cane juice should go as well as they are not really much healthier and for the sugar addict - sugar is sugar.  If you really need a little sweetness, have an apple, have an orange, have a cup of berries or a cup of grapes.   Read your labels during this time!  You'd be surprised to find that sugar is in almost all commercial foods.  Unless you are living a health conscious life-style and picking your food wisely already, sugar is in your catsup, morning cereal, spaghetti sauce, soup, salad dressing, peanut butter, pancake syrup, bread, yogurt, you name it and it probably has sugar in it.  There is probably even sugar in your salt.   Check out this website to actually SEE for yourself -  http://www.sugarstacks.com/  You have to learn to read labels very carefully and make different choices when shopping to eliminate sugar from your diet. Once sugar has been eliminated from your diet, be prepared for what might happen while your body eliminates it.  Also known as detox.  When removed from your diet you can expect to experience actual withrawal symptoms; tremors, flu like symptoms, headaches, and mood swings and cravings so intense you would damn near kill for a chocolate bar.  This is your body ridding itself of the 'junk' it's accumulated, don't fight it, don't give in, don`t give up.  Trust the proccess and go with it.  While these symptoms may be un-comfortable at the time, know that when it's over, you are going to feel way better, have more energy and that you are setting yourself up for awesome fat loss.   After you`ve been 100% sugar free for at least a week you can start re-introducing small servings of fruit and the healthy sugars back into your diet.  A guideline when reading labels: remember this one number - 9 grams.  Your body can deal with 8-9 grams at one time so you do not want to exceed 9 grams in one serving (once you go up over that you are spiking your blood sugar levels, so putting yourself at risk for a host of health problems and beyond that, you will be storing fat). It's not easy, and beyond my telling you to quit cold turkey, I cannot offer much more advice beyond this on how to quit other than just do it.   I can tell you that it will likely be the most positive thing that you will ever do for your health.    A few things to keep in mind: You do not need sugar to have energy.  You do not need sugar to function.  You do not need sugar to feel good.  You do not need sugar period!!!  You will function better, you will have more energy, you will feel great and you will be able to burn fat like crazy without it!  How many of my clients have lost 5, 6, 7 and 10 pounds in one week by cutting out sugar you might ask...  Lots.   And this weight loss is not 'water weight', like when one cuts out salt - this fat loss is your body thanking you for the sugar-free love.     You know what you`ve got to do - so go for it - cold turkey - give your body that sugar-free love!!! PS- If there is anything that I can do to help you get off the white stuff, let me know, I`m always here and I am committed to your success!!!
Late post wowwww I was ssooo tired yesterday! i woke up after 7 hrs, just cause my body's so damn used to it...T_T  splitting headache + tiredness + sore body = no workout. i think my body's trying to tell me something...haha  ugh and (tmi alert)I got my period a week early. tired gurl + period = really tired gurl. combine with 4 major tests today= stressed and tired gurl. blech.  went grocery shopping today (AGAIN , r u rlly that surprised? LOL).  My Loot: -Stonyfield Farms ORGANIC SKIM MILK!!! HOLLAAAAA!!! woop! I got a dollar off too! -CHOBANI YOGURT- I finally stocked up again. I ran out. I waited for a sale. 5/$5. Yep ONE DOLLAR EACH. I bought ten. haha (or rather, what was left on shelves!) -Annie's Mac and cheese, indiv packs- there are 5 packets. it was $4. good deal. lol  didn't get too much- i'm pretty loyal to Trader Joe's for anything else LOL. Ooooo and Irish soda bread. tried a bite. it was pretty good!  Yesterday's Eats: bfast: 1/2 cup egg beaters, 2 tsp olive oil, 1/3 cup corn, 1 cup broccoli with coffee w/ creamer & agave (250) snack: 1/2 farmer's fresh cookie- so addictive! (100) lunch: rice w/ soft tofu soup, some broiled mackerel, kimchee (350) dessert: other half of that cookie lol, bite of soda bread, with coffee w/ creamer & agave! (150) snack: soda bread (100) dinner: 2 slices cheese pizza (500)<---- again, yes I know. but yummy authentic pizza. it was for a church get together. my turn to bring food. what else do you buy when u have to feed 30 people? lol  dessert: 2 fun size crunch bars, coffee w/ creamer & agave (180)  total: 1630
Eating Right When Dining Out  Everybody loves eating out and there's not reason why you shouldn't - except the fact that most restaurant-foods are high in fat, salt, sugar or calories in general! New health care legislation in the States will require (some time during this 2011) that big restaurant chains indicate how many calories each of their food items contains; however, it's not always possible to get the information you want.    - Some fats are good for you while other are not - Monounsaturated fats, such as those found in avocados, nuts, olives and olive oils, can help lower your LDL and maintain your HDL and polyunsaturated fats in vegetable oils, fish, mixed nuts, edamame and seeds could help decrease your cholesterol in general. So ordering grilled seafood when you go out will offer you taste, heart healthy benefits and omega 3 fatty acids. Meanwhile, the fats you should be aware of are trans fats, saturated fats and cholesterol. These are found in greasy cheeses, palm oil, coconut oil, shortenings, butter, creamy sauces, stuffed with cheese, meats and whole dairy products. Fried foods  are the main concern here. Foods that are labeled as "golden crispy" to induce your mouthwatering appetite are fried with trans/saturated shortenings, ghee (clarified butter) or lard (pork fat) that will in return make your blood cholesterol spike!  - To make foods more palatable, salt (sodium) is the key. Restaurant foods can be very high in sodium. Now whether or not you are medically required to decrease your sodium intake because of high blood pressure for instance, research has shown that a low sodium diet can benefit any healthy youngster. However, the point here is to know how to spot high sodium foods. Foods that are pickled, creole sauce, smoked, marinated, teriyaki sauce, soy sauce, cocktail sauce, bacon, MSG (monosodium glutamate) added to meats or Chinese foods to give them their umami taste and canned foods are all high in salt. Therefore, don't add any table salt, ask your food to be done without extra salts and learn how to spot salty ones.  - Most restaurants label foods with extra symbols on the side: All you have to do is look for "Heart-healthy" or "Light" symbols: these are usually a red heart, a green butterfly, etc. These offer low fat, low salt and low cholesterol items making it easier for you to know which foods are the best to choose from. Watch out not to mistaken them with flags symbolizing most popular food choices.  - Don't be afraid to ask how the food is prepared and what ingredients are used. Tell your server that you are staying away from high caloric foods, high fatty/salty ones and ask for special requests for a lighter version of that meal. You can ask the chef to prepare foods using less oil, no butter, less sugar, less syrups, less salt, you name it! It's actually easy to be done so go for it next time you're eating out. You can also ask for healthier substitutions such as: baked potatoes instead of a side french fries order low fat milk instead of whole milk in your coffee fresh salad instead of glazed or sautteed vegetables And if there are no substitutions, eat smart: peel off the chicken skin ask your server to skip putting fries in your plate skip the butter, cream, cheese, fried/sautteed vegetables, fatty fressings and dips know your meats: skip high fat meats, rib-eye, pork, bacon, lamb, T-bone steaks and go for leaner ones - Ask for your sauces, dressings, gravy or dips on the side! This way you can skip them or dip less than you would have if it were already all mixed together. In addition, know which dressings to order with your salad and which not to. Ask for balsamic dressing, lemon-oil, light mayo, lemon, vinaigrette, citronette, mustard,tabasco, marinara with your pasta (tomatoes, garlic, onions), primavera without cream or small amounts (2 tbsps) of guacamole or low fat sour cream. Skip dips and dressings: heavy creamy ones such as heavy lemon, heavy vinegar, thousand island, Caesar's, cocktail, tartar, bechamel, tempura, mayonnaise and  homestyle dressings. - Know menu linguistics for healthy and unhealthy foods: Restaurants often describe foods using specific words that aim to lure your appetite while explaining how the food has been prepared.  Watch out for: fried, batter-fried, au gratin, in cheese sauce, marinated in oil, double crust, sauteed, braised, crispy, glazed, golden, deep fried, prime, rich, buttered, buttery, breaded, creamy, beurre blanc, bearnaise, with mayonnaise sauce, creamed, escalloped, cheesy, Hollandaise, pan fried, rich in butter sauce or pan roasted.  Whereas go for foods that are: baked, braised, cooked in its own juices, dry boiled (in wine or lemon juice), lightly sauteed, stir-fried, broiled, barbecued, roasted, boiled, grilled, poached and steamed. Extra Dining out Tips: Always start with a green salad on the side, it will help make you fuller for longer. Keep in mind that peas, corn, croutons, olives, avocados, couscous, cheeses and meats could be part of a salad but are not considered as greens (which have the least calories in your meal, thus will help you make full without extra calories). Downsize portions: always think small. A double cheeseburger is around 600 calories while a cheeseburger is 340. Also, super fries could contain 540 calories whereas a small one accounts for 210 calories. Ask for whole wheat/brown/mutli-cereal breads, pasta and doughs.  Order a thin crust pizza, no cheesy stuffings, with extra sauce, half the cheese topping, vegetables as toppings and skip the meats. Moreover, it's best if you stick to 2-3 slices max. Occasionally have a small portion of lighter alternatives for desserts: a scoop of diet ice cream, 1/2 cup of fruits smoothies, a cup of fruit salad, leeches and avoid high fatty, creamy and sugary ones.  Try to decrease fluids intake with your meal. However, if you choose to have a drink go for water, unsweetened tea or sugar and alcohol-free drinks. Go for a small or medium portion of a meal or share a big one with a friend. Most meals nowadays are huge so don't over-indulge.
What is Fattening? You hear people say, "I can't have that, it's fattening" all the time. What does fattening really mean? Presumably it means that the food you are eyeing is likely to add fat to your body. But how do people define 'fattening'? Is it a certain number of calories? A certain amount of fat?  Just about any food can provide you with an excess of calories if you eat too much of it. Likewise, there may be a very calorie-dense food (like chocolate cake or pecan pie) that won't really add on the pounds if you choose to consume a small portion of it.  I'd like to challenge you to re-define your use of the word. Think about foods in terms of portion sizes. Realize that apples may be fattening if you eat 10 of them at one time (total calories: 600), and a three-musketeers bar is not fattening if you have one fun sized bar (total calories: 60).  There are virtually no foods prohibited from a weight loss diet when consumed in moderation. Find out which of the foods you regularly eat are very high in calories (butter, salad dressing, ice cream) and reduce your portions of them or find lower calorie alternatives (spray butter; low-fat or low-calorie dressings; ice milk or low-fat ice cream). Fill up on the low calorie foods that you enjoy (carrots, watermelon, rice cakes, low-fat yogurt) to satisfy your hunger. Remember that foods themselves are not fattening, but rather it is how much you eat of them that makes them higher in calories.  What can you eat a smaller portion of this week to save on calories? Let us know!
Running Without a Purpose Running without a purpose is what I'm pretty much doing right now. I find it odd that I feel that way, but I've been training for a race since December of last year (until the half a few weeks ago), so it feels like my running has no purpose. When I sit and think about that, it almost sounds depressing, but I actually look at it as a challenge. I've used races and schedules to keep me focused on my workouts for well over a year now. It's time to use myself to stay focused. I think it's going to be an interesting journey...  I was on business travel for the past week in Denver and I managed to get in a few workouts. The first day, I did 20 minutes on the elliptical and I could definitely feel the difference in oxygen level. I did 20-30 minutes of strength as well with the resistance band I brought with me. On Wednesday, I jogged for 25 minutes on the treadmill and I was pretty impressed with how easy it felt. Either I was used to the elevation already or it just didn't affect me too much. I finished out the week with more strength training. Workouts on the road are tough because there isn't much time. I managed to get in cardio twice and a full body of strength throughout the week though.  Today was a run around town, which felt great! I did 4 or so miles. It's a beautiful fall day in New England so it was quite nice. Will most likely run some more tomorrow and get in some yoga... it's time to get back to what I thought was going to turn into a weekly yoga habit. Must do it for real this time!!!  Hope everyone is having a wonderfully healthy weekend!
Starting Stage 2 I have to admit that I put this off as long as I felt I possibly could without looking like a total procrastinator. I don't really understand why I felt so intimidated by moving onto Stage 2. Maybe it was because I really wanted to start working out in a gym setting and I couldn't get the gym membership like I wanted to this past week. So...I made the committment to Jen that I would do the workout tonight after I put That Other Kid to bed. She even asked me what time he went to bed! Gosh I couldn't even wessel out of it like that! So I pulled my book out (that I still haven't made the time to read all of, sorry Karena!) and pulled up the tutorials that Karena put up -- THANKS Karena! I got everything situated and ready to go and got started. And honestly, it wasn't nearly as bad as my head had it set up to be. I guess I made it out to be a lot worse than it really was. Funny thing about it is that about 5 minutes after I got started That Other Kid came out into the living room and said, "gosh that looks hard...you are sweating already!" and I was. It obviously was hard, but in a good way. :) I kept my weights pretty consistent and since I am doing the workout at home I had to find a way to make the horizontal wood chop work. Actually it wasn't too difficult since we have resistance bands. I found a columm and wrapped the band around it and pulled away! I'm going to need to find a way to add some weights too it since that seemed pretty easy. The one workout that I am not sure I will be able to continue with is the Static Lunge, rear foot elevated. I started it with the weights and did 1 and had to drop the weights. I did the 2 sets of 10 with only my body weight and it really hurt. I will try it again next time I do workout A but if it is still hurting I'm going to drop it. I don't need the pain.... I was surprised at how uncoordinated I felt during the dumbbell one-point row. I wasn't sure I was doing it right so I moved to the bedroom so I could watch myself in the mirror. My right leg wobbled and shook the whole time I was doing the set. My left leg felt a bit better but I still had to pause a couple of times. As for the plank and pushups, I am surprised at how fast my upper body has weakened since I ended the March core workouts. I was able to do the 2 sets of planks for 60 seconds but my arms were shaking! I did manage to do 2 sets of on the toe pushups but I didn't go down far enough....That will be my goal during this stage; to make my 20 pushups be "full on the toe" AND "nose to the ground". As for the progress I made during stage 1...I successfully completed it which is better than I honestly thought I would do but I didn't lose weight (gained it instead, grrrrrr) and I only lost a few inches, so I won't be doing pictures yet. I still need to work on the diet and now that I am on medication I will hopefully start losing weight! I am biking (or at least trying to) every day so that will be my cardio for now. I love biking and it helps me get outside 30 minutes a day like the dr told me to do! Thanks for letting me be a part of the #Ironsisters!! I love the support I am getting and I love that I am lifting weights!
Post holiday weigh in.... Not as bad as expected. I ended up working late and almost missed my meeting but my leader is lovely and she allowed me to get weighed afterwards. I said to her 'Don't tell me out loud just write it down' as I hopped on the scales. I think I get kudos for turning up at all after the day I've had.   Turns out it was only 2.5 pound gain. I WILL TAKE THAT. I was expecting at least 6 or 7 pounds. Shrink Shrink Shrink.
The Light  I died once. 5 years ago. There was no reason. It just happened. My heart stopped beating. I am only alive today because someone, one man, refused to give up on me. Like I had a purpose. I was given a second chance. But why? Why me? What amazing things could I do in this broken world? Me. Out of all the people who die everyday. Me. I was chosen. I was given another chance at life. Like great things are expected of me. But what?  They say everything happens for a reason. But that's not true. Some things just happen. No reason. It's simply God's will.  I will always wonder why I was given a second chance. I'm human! We, as humans, question everything. It's in our nature.  The light. That's a purpose. I headed straight for it. I was excited. All my pain was about to end. A great new beginning was ahead. Then, suddenly, a surge of pain hit my chest! The light became brighter. Almost blinding! A man lingered above me. He looked tired. Concerned. Scared. But, yet, oddly determined. Who was this man? He was in no way familiar! It took what seemed like hours (but were a mere few seconds) to realise what was going on. I was in an ambulance. The siren was deafening. The lights were blinding. This man suddenly looked relieved! Then I realised, he was a paramedic. He said "welcome back! Stay with me now!" He had saved my life 3 times from the moment I collapsed. He told me not to panic. That everything will be okay. I trusted him. He seemed trustworthy. There was something rather soothing about his voice. I felt safe. I did as I was told. Then everything went black.  I awoke in the hospital only a mere few minutes later. I felt tired. Exhausted even. My chest felt like I had been crushed beneath a fallen building. People were rushing all around me. I had a nurse next to me checking my blood pressure. A friend sat at my other side. He looked so scared. What had happened?  I asked the nurse. She was lovely. She had a very kind and gentle voice. She told me that I was a fighter. She said I was lucky to be alive. She told me "well done for hanging on"! I had stopped breathing. From there my heart stopped beating. The paramedic got it going again 3 times.  3 times.  3 times that man saved my life! I was so grateful, yet oddly confused. Why was I saved? Why was I given that second chance at life! A fighter? Me? I didn't see it. 19 years old. Fighting fit. And I died 3 times. MentaI! I recovered. Went on to train horses. Broke many bones - including my back. I actually got crushed by this marvelous beast and still walked away. The nurse was right. I was a fighter. After my near death experience, nothing ever got the better of me again. I realised that anything is possible! We all hold the key to our own destiny. We choose the paths in our lives. Sometimes, we get a little lost along the way. Sometimes, we need someone to help point is in the right direction.  1 man helped me choose mine. He showed me anything and anyone can be worth fighting for. He faught for me. A complete stranger. He fought to keep me alive! Now 5 years on, I can't help but think, "was it all worth it?" "Should he have spent his energy on another?"  Sometimes I find myself wishing he hadn't fought so hard to keep me alive. I feel as though his efforts are being wasted. I will forever be in his debt and utterly grateful that, because of this man, my parents didn't have to bury their daughter.  Everything happens for a reason... So why me? Do I think I will ever find the answer I am searching for? No. Some things just are. Not everything has a reason behind it. We just have to learn to accept what is and live our lives to the best of our abilities... I like to think, one day, I will do amazing things to aid this broken world. One day. Just not today...
Off to Europe This may be a very short and/or incoherent post, considering I am leaving for Hungary tomorrow and could hardly sleep 5 hours last night. Nevertheless I find myself here in good faith to my blog. I am very nervous. Only once was I in a foreign-speaking country, and even then were there many who spoke English to me. Here, I am to understand, very few people speak the language. What's worse is that I will be helping run an English camp. Just me and my partner in front of a class who don't speak a word of English. Literally. Needless to say, I am fairly terrified.  On top of this dilemna, I have not finished packing yet. I have a piano lesson that I did not practice for. And I have foolishly scheduled a day of frivolity with some friends, when I hardly have enough time to sleep. I do not know how I shall get it all done, and if I do, in what condition I shall be. I have already packed the essentials for my journey; Yarn, Jane Austen's "Mansfield Park", and some more yarn. It will be a pleasant trip so long as I hold onto those possessions. Ok it's really funny how my whole style of writing has changed since I listened to "Northanger Abbey" by Jane Austen yesterday. It wasn't until I reread the beginning of this post that I noticed how British and odd my diction became. Very amusing. I have no crafts to display, although I have been crafting fervently. have just finished the items for my swap on craftster and will be shipping tomorrow. Which is also when I will be leaving. I also ordered a set of Denise Knitting Needles. I can't wait.  Oh blog, hopefully I will be able to give you more attention when I return. Much <3,  Rach
comfort food I was feeling a little sorry for myself. The weather was 20 and now it's 12 degrees celsius and my womb was crying out for some love. Oh it's good to wallow in ones own misery sometimes isn't it? Really settle into it. Try and catch a glimpse of your glum face in the mirror and it might just make you laugh again. However, we don't want that just yet, this feels kind of good for one night and it allows for movies like 'Eat Pray Love' and comfort food like mushroom risotto. What I wanted was mushrooms. I had a huge craving for mushrooms. I was planning to have them sauteed with white wine, butter and parsley. In the fridge I had left over white wine and I also had butter, but no blooming mushrooms... Unfortunately my local shop didn't have anything exciting. Just the plain old button kind. My dream was almost shattered, but then I found this! Thank goodness. All I needed to buy was an onion and chicken stock (of which Sainsbury's have the pure liquid kind). It's that easy. The bag includes risotto rice, porcini mushrooms and herbs. The only task in hand was to chop the onion, add the mix, add a large glug of wine, slowly add the stock, stir, add more stock, stir and finish off with a large knob of butter and a big old shaving of parmesan. Bellissima!
wieght-loss tips Hi again, With summer here in full it is a great time to get out and enjoy the outdoors. However, for some it can be a time of embarrassment. Who want to wear shorts or summer tops when you are embarrassed about your size. Well this is a great time to start looking at your diet and get back to eating wholefoods again. With so many fresh fruit and vegetables available at this time of year, why eat ready made or packaged food. I love to bbq my vegetables and a good tip is use melon chunks as well as vegetables on the skewer, as this give a great variation. Do not get bored with eating the same foods experiment and enjoy the different flavours of the food. Use scant amounts of sauces or dips, enjoy the real flavour of whole foods. If you do not bbq then steaming vegetables will bring out their flavours even more. To make lemon-aid or even ice tea start from scratch. Lemon-aid take the lemons and cut in chunks squeeze out the juice but put the lemon skins in a pot with a small amount of water and heat. Heating the water will infuse the flavour more. Then add all this to the rest of the lemon and add water to make the right amount. If you need to sweeten slightly add honey rather than sugar. Ice tea make a strong pot of tea, let cool, pour into jug and add mint, orange slices, strawberries or any other fruit you wish. Top up with water, taste if need more flavouring add some lemon or orange juice to it. Much more refreshing than a soda. I mentioned before that a great program I found www.mnb-weightlossprogram.com helped me to understand the different types of foods and what combinations and portions sizes worked best to combat my weight and I am sure it will help you too. Since getting back to wholefoods I have to say that I feel better and have more energy and I am not having such a hard time controlling my weight. I hope this is encouraging for you. Until next time M
TOPSHOP/TOPMAN STUDENT SHOP 20% OFF WITH NUS CARD Hey y'all! It's that time of year again...time for the Topshop/Topman student shop at Trinity Center Leeds. Come in your nicest booties and your snazziest asymmetric coat as the student shop is taking off! Make sure that you arrive in due time as the store is expecting over 20,000 customers that night. Now it's time for the deets; Where: TOPSHOP/TOPMAN - TRINITY LEEDS (Briggate) When:  30th September 6-10pm  Come with NUS cards in hand. i think UCAS cards will also be accepted but i am not entirely sure, i shall have to keep you posted Oh, and most importantly; 20% OFFFFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -Phoebe xoxo
Prom Night  So last Friday night, I had my Prom. It was honestly a fantastic night and I would love so much to do it all over again! It was sad realizing that this would be the last time everybody from my school would all find ourselves together seeing as we are starting different colleges this September. But all the same, we had to leave at some point, and this was a great way of saying goodbye to our Secondary School years! I thought I would show you guys a few pictures from the night, hope you enjoy!  After about four months of frantically going up and down the country looking for that perfect dress (literally, i went to Manchester, Bolton, Bournemouth, Portsmouth, Oxford, London...) i decided to look online. My friend told me about a website called Dresses Ok and i automatically found the dress of my dreams! I have to say that i had been trying to avoid buying offline as there's always the risk someone may have ordered your dress and you have no way of knowing or that it may not come in time! However i'm so glad i did, it needed a few readjustments but after that it fitted amazingly! (make sure you fill in the order forms super carefullly!) As for nails, hair and makeup.... My makeup was done by my beautiful and talented best friend Shannon, to see her blog click here. You can also watch a video of my makeup being done by shannon along with a few of our other friends here on her vlog channel. I bought some fake acrylic nails from Boots for around £5. All you had to do was glue them on and i loved having long nails for once! Me and my mumma did my hair. Its very simply straightened and pulled back into a bun and held in place by hair grips. Then a few side bits were pulled down and curled for a messier effect. hope everyone had a magical Prom night too! Love H
This is What Life After My Rape Looked Like A warning note before you start: this is long. Very long. Close to 7000 words. I've tried to break it up into sections to make it easier, but it's still a pretty long read. It shouldn't have to be said, given the title, but: TRIGGER WARNING. This piece of writing comes to you from the UK in 2005. Procedures in other countries, or in the UK at the point in time that you are reading this, may be different. Originally posted as an answer to a question on Quora. 1) The Initial Event and Aftermath I was imprisoned in my own bedroom and repeatedly raped all night. He finally left at 9am, after telling me that he'd be back later with an engagement ring, but if I reported it, he'd come back and kill me, and then go after my elderly mother. I was running on near enough 48 hours with no sleep, which is the only explanation I have for why I did the worst possible thing I could have done: I took a bath. Women do this often, due to feeling dirty and violated, and it washes away a lot of the DNA evidence. I had been a crisis worker for three years at this point, l had supported several girls through their rapes, and I knew this. I just...forgot, I guess. After he left, I was on my own in the house - Mom had left at 6 for an early shift at work, and our lodger had buggered off to wherever he went on weekdays - and I was already feeling abandoned and unloved, because I'd screamed repeatedly at the top of my lungs throughout the first half of the night, until he strangled me to keep me quiet, and neither my mom nor my lodger had rescued me. Up until maybe 4am, I'd fully expected to be rescued. It didn't seem possible that someone could hold me prisoner and rape me and strangle me in a 3-bedroom semi that I shared with two other people and a dog, all of whom were home all night. I couldn't figure out why nobody heard my loud, piercing screams, and nobody heard his roars when I bit him, and nobody heard me crying until my throat was raw, and I found myself wondering - did they hear, and just didn't care enough to investigate? So I sat in the bathtub, absent-mindedly rinsing the sweat and semen and saliva off my body, unable to think of anything other than how my life was suddenly irrevocably changed, because now I had a fiancֳ©, a fiancֳ© who would repeatedly rape me and probably beat me and almost certainly murder me after I'd reached the end of my usefulness, and that there wasn't a damn thing I could do about it because I wasn't willing to report it and risk my mom's safety. I'm assuming that the combination of shock and lack of sleep caused me to be unable to think straight. I got out of the bath and called a friend who was a policeman to ask for advice, but he didn't answer his phone. I didn't want to leave a message, so I got into bed and fell asleep almost immediately. When my mom came home after lunch, I got up and went downstairs to talk to her. I couldn't seem to force myself to use the word rape, but I managed to tell her that the guy who hadn't shown up for our afternoon coffee date yesterday had shown up in the middle of the night instead, and he had done very bad things to me against my will. My mom called the police. 2) Talking to the Police When the police arrived, I was sitting on the floor in the hall, wearing old black pants with paint on them and a brown fisherman's sweater that belonged to my late brother. For some reason, I always remember the clothes I was wearing for any given event in my past. I remember thinking I should put on proper clothes and brush my teeth, but I was just so tired, telling Mom had used up the small bit of energy I had. Mom tried to talk to me, but I wasn't making a lot of sense - I sounded, and felt, drunk. The initial officer who responded to the call was named Lee. I never caught his last name, but when he asked me if I would talk to him, I said I would, because people named Lee are always nice people. I realise now that he was a rookie, fresh out of the academy, and he probably felt totally out of his depth, but he never showed it. He was patient and kind when I told him I didn't know if I wanted to report it, because I believed if I did then my rapist would kill me and my mother. He explained to me that rape was a criminal offence, and that if he took an official report now then I wouldn't be able to withdraw it later, so I should take some time to be sure about what I wanted to do. I wasn't sure, but I knew I couldn't live with it if he raped another girl because I hadn't reported it. And there would be another girl. There would be many other girls, until someone stopped him. I knew his type well. Lee said that almost all rapists say that they'll kill the victim if s/he talks - it's how they control them - but very few attempt it. So I made the report. I don't remember much at all about this part. I know that another couple of officers showed up - Scott and Amy, as well as a bunch of crime scene techs - and that we all sat around in my living room talking while my mom made tea and coffee and finger sandwiches, as though we were having an afternoon tea party. I took a bite of a cheese sandwich, having had nothing to eat in nearly 24 hours at this point, and all three officers immediately stopped me in case there was DNA still in my mouth, so I had to spit the sandwich out and let them bag up the half-chewed bite. After several hours - I don't remember the passage of time, but I know that it was dark outside - I was told that I needed to go to hospital for a physical exam. I was allowed to go up to my bedroom, where crime scene techs had been fingerprinting everything, and get my medication and the book I was reading. While I was there, they asked me if I could point out what I'd been wearing in the night, as well as anything that he'd touched a lot and paid particular interest to. These things they bagged up and took away with them. - 1 cell phone (Nokia 3210) - 1 hand-embroidered Egyptian cotton duvet cover (still pissed about losing that one!) - 1 fitted double sheet - 2 pillowcases - 1 cheap IKEA duvet cover - 2 bath towels - 1 green fitted T-shirt - 1 pair blue pajama shorts - 1 bottle Durex Play lube Lee left, and Scott and Amy drove me to a private BUPA hospital in the next town over. My mom asked to come with us, but I told her I preferred her to stay home - I knew that I didn't have the wherewithal to take care of her as well as myself. I was shown to a small room with a private bathroom while we waited for the doctor. 3) The Medical Exam When the doctor arrived, it was clear that she was annoyed about having to be there. She was kind to me, but she'd been pulled away from a dinner party, and it was obvious that she would have preferred to be at that party. The initial parts of the examination were fine. She and a crime scene tech combed through my pubic hair and collected any stray hairs in a bag. She noted any bruising and abrasions on the outside of my vagina, and used a speculum to open me up so she could make notes on any damage to the inside of my vagina and my cervix. A few times she used a long swab and tweezers to collect hairs from inside, as well as DNA from semen. She then did the same with my anus, noting any cuts, enlarged blood vessels, and bruising, and swabbing for hairs and semen. She swabbed the back of my throat and around my teeth. After the internal exam I was finally allowed to urinate, but I had to put the toilet paper I used in a bag to be analysed for DNA. I think that was the worst part for me. Sex is not something that embarrasses me, but toilet functions are one of the few things that I am deeply private about, and handing over my urine-soaked toilet paper was probably the most humiliating, degrading moment of the whole event. While she was doing the exam, I read my book. Wolf-Speaker, by Tamora Pierce. I read because I needed the escape, but I regret that now, as I think it made me appear cool and unruffled, which is not a good thing when you're trying to convince the police that you've been raped. It didn't occur to me at this point that I might not be believed. After I peed, the tech asked if she could take a DNA sample and a set of fingerprints from me, so they could be eliminated from any results. I agreed, and she swabbed the inside of my cheek and had me roll my fingers one by one on a wet sponge pad and then onto a piece of card. I was surprised to find that the chemical they used was colourless, but she told me that they'd stopped using black ink a while back. She then told me about the national fingerprint database and national DNA database, and asked if I would be willing for my prints and DNA to go on file in the database, though she emphasised that this was not mandatory. I've never been a private person, and always thought it would be cool to be able to look myself up in a database, so I agreed. It was when the doctor had to search me for any other injuries that the problems started. The cuts on my face and lips were noted and photographed, but when she saw the bite marks and finger bruises on my throat - he'd strangled me from behind - she said that they were too old to be from the previous night, and that someone else must have strangled me a few days ago. I told her no, bruises always heal really fast on me, but she was adamant that bruises less than 24 hours old could not possibly be turning greeny-yellow at the edges already, and she refused to document them. The same went for the finger-shaped bruises on the backs and insides of my thighs. She asked if I'd been with anyone else recently - and I had. Two nights before the rape, I'd had a date that ended up in the bedroom. She said that the throat and thigh bruises must have been from him, and though I told her that my date had not been even slightly rough with me, she didn't believe me. I don't know if I blame her for this or not. The pigments that cause the green and yellow tints that bruises sometimes get, biliverdin and bilirubin, are produced when haemoglobin in blood is broken down, and they usually come after a few days of bluey-purple bruising. Logically, she should have been right about the age of the bruises. Still, I was hurt and angered by her refusal to listen to me and believe me. I felt like she was supposed to be on my side, and she wasn't. 4) Making a Formal Report Amy came over the next day, and for several days after, to take a formal report. I like to be in control of myself and of situations wherever possible, and I greeted her in makeup and clean hair and pretty clothes, which I think shocked her a bit. I remember that I wore clothes that made me feel clean and bright and wholesome: a lemon-yellow V-neck sweater, a knee-length white A-line skirt with lemon and orange and turquoise flowers on it, and a pair of white crochet ballerina pumps. The clothes were my way of taking back my body from my rapist, of showing that he would not control me, but in hindsight I realise that this added to the impression that nothing awful had occurred. I offered tea and cake and juice; as with the clothing, hostessing allowed me to impose order and ritual on a chaotic situation. These were all politely refused, and we got down to the hard work of preparing a statement. There's very little I can say about this part. It took about ten hours, spread over several days, and it covered everything from my initial meeting with the man who would become my rapist, right up until the moment he left that morning, in minute detail. I had only known him for about six weeks, and had met him twice - the day we met and the night he raped me - so I shudder to think how long it would take to create a statement for someone who was raped by a person they'd known for years. At this time, I also provided Amy with as much information as possible in the hopes that the police would be able to track him down. I didn't know his full name - I only knew him as Obie - and had no idea where he lived, but I was able to provide her with the receipts from the bar he took me to the day we met, and a fairly accurate guess at the time that he dropped me off at the Underground station afterwards, so the police were able to obtain an image of him from the CCTV cameras there. I have never been so relieved that I'm organised and tidy by nature. I was raped on a Monday night. Monday 10th October, 2005. The police were notified Tuesday afternoon. On Friday, Amy told me that the police would probably be able to track him down by the following Monday. Sure enough, on Monday Amy called to tell me that he had been found, taken in to his local police station for a "chat" where they informed him of the charges against him, and then released on his own recognisance. That scared me. I had assumed they would arrest him, and I asked Amy why they'd let him go so easily, and what would stop him coming after me and killing me now that he knew I had reported him. Amy tried to soothe my fears, telling me that when someone has been cautioned to stay away from someone, they almost always do for fear of getting in worse trouble. This one won't, I told her. This one believes he's untouchable, and he'll come after me. It's unlikely, she said. We'll see, I said. That was around 5pm on Monday. 5) Monday Night I had evening classes on Mondays. Every Monday from 7 until 9pm, I studied anatomy & physiology at Oaklands College in Welwyn Garden City. It was only nine miles from my home, but the route mostly involved narrow country lanes, and the buses were lousy in the evenings, and Mom was driving my car at that time as hers had packed up, so she was happy enough to drive the 50-minute round trip to drop me off, and again to pick me up, every Monday night. Twenty minutes before the end of class, my phone rang. You need to leave class and come outside, right now, my mother told me. Graham[the lodger] just called my cell to tell me that there's a big, angry man at the house, demanding to see you and refusing to leave. I left class. We drove to the county police headquarters, which - by happy coincidence - was right near my college, and told them what was going on. They got in touch with the St Albans branch of Hertfordshire Constabulary, and the St Albans station sent some officers to my house to investigate. We were told that we wouldn't be able to go home until he was apprehended, so we got ready to settle in for a long wait. We waited in an office belonging to - I guess the police chief? Captain? I don't really know the British police ranking system - and he was very kind, and kept bringing me soup and tea and snacks. I asked him what the full name of my rapist was, because I didn't know it, and I knew that the police must know since they'd been able to track him down, but I was told that they couldn't release that information. So next time he went out for soup for me, I asked him if he could also hunt down a blanket, and while he was gone I looked in my own file and found my rapist's name. I still feel a little bit guilty about that, to this day. He left me alone in his office because he trusted me, and I broke that trust. But I don't fully regret it. I needed to know. At 1am, we received a phone call from St Albans. They had approached him outside my house, and he had fled. It had taken several hours to catch him, but he'd been apprehended and arrested. We went home, exhausted but vigilant. 6) The Next Few Weeks Surviving the next few weeks was mostly mind over matter. I just kept putting one foot in front of the other, getting through the things that needed to be done. I felt like I was sleepwalking through it all, which I would later find out was due to the brain injury that I got from being repeatedly strangled. I saw my regular GP several times, as I was in a lot of pain. My rapist was a big man - 6'5", maybe 280 lbs - and having him on top of me for ten hours and having my body forced into unnatural positions had caused a spinal injury, where two of my lumbar vertebrae had come out of position, bruising my spinal cord. My sciatic nerve had been pinched where it exits the spine, causing pain and weakness in my legs. My larynx had been crushed, not badly enough to affect my breathing, but badly enough to make it hard to talk and to change my voice. I had a nasty case of vaginal thrush that didn't want to go away. The worst were the internal infections that I developed. My rapist had repeatedly raped me orally, vaginally and anally, without a condom, switching from one orifice to another perhaps a dozen and a half times. I developed infections in my vagina, and soon after in my uterus, due to contamination with fecal matter. I went to the sexual health clinic and got a full screening: herpes, HPV, trichomoniasis, chlamydia, syphilis, gonorrhoea, HIV, all the heps. When it was time to get the blood tests done, none of the workers at the clinic could get blood from my veins, so I had to go to the main hospital and then carry my vials of blood back to the clinic in a locked metal box with a biohazard symbol on the top. This, at least, activated my (somewhat dark) sense of humour, and it was sort of fun to see people's reactions to my box. I wish I had a box like that just to carry as a purse. The box was a bright spot in a fairly nervewracking few weeks. My rapist was from a country with high rates of HIV, and the fact that he'd both raped me anally and caused me to bleed increased the chances that, if he did have HIV, he'd passed it to me. I was glad when my initial STI tests all came back negative within a week or so, but I didn't really breathe easily until my 6-month HIV window had passed. My mother held it together long enough to tell my brother what had happened, to write letters to my two best friends about it, and to take a few weeks' compassionate leave from work. At first, she couldn't get the leave as she refused to tell her boss what had happened, and it was only at my urging that she did so. Her feeling was that we needed to keep my rape a secret, while mine was to talk about it openly. After she'd talked to her boss, my brother and my two best friends, she did what she always does when she can't cope with a crisis: retired to bed, sleeping all day and spending the nights reading, eating, chain-smoking and biting her fingernails. I sound unsympathetic, and I guess I am. I shouldn't be. I can't even imagine how much it would hurt if this happened to my son. But I didn't have the energy or the emotional strength to take care of my mother. I needed it all to take care of myself. I didn't tell my father I had been raped. My father is affected by what I sometimes refer to as "engineer brain" (or occasionally "Capricorn brain") - he is a very logical, methodical person who operates best when he can analyse and evaluate situations in order to see how you can do better in future. This is great for performing science experiments, but bad for dealing with human trauma, and I didn't feel strong enough to cope with questions about why I did X and didn't do Y. I knew I'd have to say something before the court case, so I told him I had been "attacked", and that I'd reported it. He congratulated me for doing the socially responsible thing, asked if I needed help with medical bills, and advised me to put it out of my mind until I had to appear in court. My brother, the world's biggest pacifist, stomped around for a few weeks swearing revenge and talking about trying to find a hitman. I'm still not sure whether he was serious. The guy I'd dated once, the one I'd slept with two nights before the rape, fell to pieces when I told him. He cried nonstop for an hour and required copious amounts of comfort. I broke up with him. I couldn't handle babysitting his emotions any more than I could handle looking after my mom's. My best high school friend, Elle, handled it pretty well. She drove down from Bristol to stay with me for a few days - despite being back in my town bringing up her own traumatic memories - and took me out for dinner and margaritas, and said she'd come to court with me if I wanted. C, my best college friend and sort of partner, took it really hard. We'd already been through some pretty hard things that year, and his guilt over that added to his guilt over this - because he has always been the traditionalist who felt like it was his job to protect his woman - were nails in the coffin for our relationship. Years later, I found out that he blamed himself for the rape for a more substantial reason: the day I met my rapist I had had plans to meet C and his sister at the Notting Hill Carnival, and he stood me up. If he hadn't blown off our plans, I probably would never have been targeted. I didn't know what to say to this, because it was true. I never blamed him. There was no way for either of us to look into the future and see what would happen, and I told him that. But he blamed himself, and I didn't know how to comfort him. Still, like Elle, he told me he'd be there with me in court, for support. Despite my friends, I felt very alone at this time. 7) November and December November and December were one hammer blow after another. In early November, I found that I was having problems thinking properly. Schoolwork didn't come as easily to me as it had previously. I frequently found myself misusing words, or forgetting what I was doing. I walked around in a "brain fog" - similar to, but much stronger than, the fog that comes with my fibromyalgia relapses. In mid-November, the crying guy started stalking me. He'd phone me up, begging me to take him back and love him. When I refused, he'd cry and ask how I could be so cruel. Crying turned into suicide threats, suicide threats turned into angry abuse about what a horrible person I was, angry abuse circled back around to telling me how much he loved me. I ignored most of it, but occasionally he'd hit the right button to get me to respond. I probably should have changed my number, but I'd just bought a new phone after the rape - Crown Prosecution had kept my old one - and I couldn't afford to change yet again. (Changing SIM cards was not so easy in those days.) In late November - Thanksgiving night, actually - I slept with C for the first time. It was wonderful for me, but he was uneasy with me afterwards. I'd always been a tough cookie - he had loved me for many reasons, but most of all for my steadiness and solidity and strength - and the rape had caused his view of me, and consequently of his life, to shift. No matter how much I tried to reassure him that I was not as fragile as he thought, he couldn't shake this new view of me as a broken flower instead of my former granite. Being with me was too difficult for him, and he worried constantly about hurting me. It wasn't long before he got a new girlfriend, though he remained one of my closest friends for years to come, and I remained in love with him. In early December, I got a call from Scott, the second detective on my case, informing me that CPS (Crown Prosecution Service) had decided not to prosecute. They didn't believe they could secure a conviction, for a couple of reasons - the bruises on my neck and thighs that the doctor had attributed to another lover of mine, and the fact that I had changed the sheets on my bed the night I was raped. I told them I changed my bedsheets every five days, so there was a one in five chance that I'd have changed them that night, but apparently this was suspicious and led people to believe the sex was consensual. In mid-December, I had a spinal X-Ray and a couple scans on my brain, both of which showed problems. My spine would probably heal with time and physiotherapy, but the lack of oxygen to my brain had caused moderate brain damage. A few days after Christmas, I started haemorrhaging, and was eventually told I'd had a miscarriage. I hadn't even known I was pregnant - I was on the pill, and was militant about taking it correctly. The guy I'd slept with before the rape had had a vasectomy, so it was unlikely to be his, but I had no idea whether I had become pregnant by my rapist or by C, the love of my life (at that point). I was a jumbled ball of feelings - grief, disgust, anger, horror, guilt, shame. I'd always thought C and I would marry and have babies. I wasn't ready to have one at 21, but even though I hadn't known I was pregnant until I miscarried, I realised I'd wanted that baby. It almost didn't matter whether it was C's or not. It was mine. And yet I was horrified at the circumstances, and angry that I had been put in that position. And guilty and ashamed - oh yes, that too, because even though I was a medical student who was currently studying anatomy & physiology and who knew the stats about the percentage of pregnancies that end in miscarriages, I was also a girl who'd had three scans and X-Rays in the last month, and who'd blithely told the radiologists no, I couldn't be pregnant. That moment was my Despair Event Horizon. 8) 2006-2007 On New Years Day, 2006, my mom and I went out to the supermarket to buy groceries. When we got home, we pulled into the driveway, and I got out of the car. Mom turned around to close her door, and when she turned back, I was on the ground. To this day, I don't know what happened. Did I slip on the ice and fall? Did I trip over? Did I have a twisted ankle, or weak muscles, as I often do in extreme hot or cold weather? Did I have a seizure? Did something happen in my damaged brain that caused a blackout? Did I think, fuck it, I'm done with this life, I'm not playing anymore? I have no idea. What I do know is that my mother found me on the ground, with a bump on my head, and when I came around I started screaming and sobbing, because I had no idea what had happened, or where - or who - I was. For the first few hours, she didn't believe me. She thought I was playing a game for attention, and told me so. She got me to call C, who also thought I was playing a game, but he was willing to play along with it. He teased me and tried to convince me that I'd agreed to give him my diaries to read: something that would have made me laugh and roll my eyes at any normal time, but on this occasion made me fly off the handle and scream at him to never try to manipulate me. He knew, then, that something was wrong, and his best friend of five years was not the person he was talking to. That evening I received another angry, bitter text message from Crazy Stalker Guy, talking about how I was the devil's daughter and how I would be responsible for his death. These were the first impressions I got of myself. I didn't know who I was, didn't know anything about my personality - but I knew that someone felt I was the devil's daughter, and that I was selfish enough and rotten enough that the two people in the world who claimed to know me best both thought I might fake amnesia for attention. Those first impressions have never fully left me. The next day, my mother was still unsure whether to believe me or not. She told me about the rape, I think as sort of a test. The shock caused me to flee the room, and she found me after a while, curled up in the closet upstairs, a ball of fright and tears. She took me to the Emergency Department at that point, and we sat around for many hours. Eventually they sent us home and told us to contact our GP. I saw the GP, who referred me to a neurologist, and saw the neurologist for six months, who eventually said that there wasn't anything that could be done: the memory loss could have been psychological, or it could have been the bump on the head, or it could have been the brain damage, or a combination of any or all of those things. My memory might return in time, or it might not. I was offered a consultation with a psychiatrist, which I accepted, but they warned me there was a waiting list. I thought they meant days, maybe weeks. My appointment came through more than a year later. Fucking NHS. A year after my amnesia, I started getting memories back. Two years after, I had perhaps 80% of them back. I found my own psychiatrist, who helped a lot. Somewhere during that year, I forget when, I got diagnosed with PTSD. A decade later I still sometimes query that diagnosis. Some days I feel like it doesn't fit me at all, and other days I appear to be a textbook case. 9) 2008 Until Now Life moved on. Sometimes, I did too. I saw the psychiatrist that the NHS offered me on one occasion. She was a nice lady, and maybe for some people she was a good psychiatrist, but she didn't understand me at all. She kept insisting that I must have felt debased, degraded, violated, dirty. That I must have blamed myself (and, of course, that I would be wrong to do so). Nope, never, I told her. His behaviour was on him. Aren't you frightened of men now? Of sex? Nah, I told her. Most men are great, and I like sex. Sex is grand. Do you think you'll ever forgive your rapist? No. There's nothing to forgive. He is devoid of humanity and absolutely incapable of empathy or compassion. You don't hate a shark for being a shark, nor do you forgive it for biting you. It's life. But you must be angry at him? Not especially. At the end of the session, she advised me that I wouldn't be able to move on with my life until I dealt with my fear and anger and my feelings of impotence and degradation, and stopped trying to control everything. I shrugged, and didn't go back to her. I sometimes see a therapist who I used to work with, when I feel like I need to. I hate saying it, because it arouses a lot of anger in people, but for me, getting raped was, by itself, not that big of a deal. Oh, while it was happening it was scary and painful and I thought I was going to die, but it was all the other stuff that came along with it that was really hard. Losing my intelligence was the worst thing. I was what was, back in the eighties and early nineties, called a "profoundly gifted child". I don't know what my IQ was, because tests didn't work for me. I lost a little of that to the fibromyalgia brain fog that I mentioned earlier, but the majority of it I lost to the brain damage. I went from almost inevitably being the smartest person in the room to being solidly average. There's nothing wrong with average, but it hurts to lose an integral part of yourself. We all have to deal with declining grey matter as we age, of course, but not usually at 21, and not overnight. I haven't fully dealt with this loss. Maybe I never will. I was raised to believe that intelligence and kindness are the only important things, and when I lost my intelligence, I doubled up on the self-sacrifice, because I felt that my ability to help people was the only worthwhile thing about me. There are times when I still feel that way. The second big thing I lost was a potential career in surgery. With the brain damage, I developed a tremor in my hands, and you can't be a surgeon without a steady hand. With the tremor, I also lost three of my hobbies: photography, embroidery and jewellery-making. I cross-stitch occasionally, though it takes much longer than it did when my hands were steady, and I take quick snaps with my iPhone camera since the phone is light enough to not make my hands shake too much, but if I'm using a decent Canon or Nikon with changeable lenses, I'm lost unless I can use a tripod. I simply can't hold the camera, and all my shots come out blurred. My coordination has gone, for the most part. I have never relearned how to walk in high heels, play guitar or piano, waterski or drive a car. Occasionally I'll manage to reacquire a minor skill, like eating with chopsticks, and then I feel all smug and self-satisfied for days. I'll never sing again. I was no great diva, but I could entertain people at karaoke or around a campfire, and I'll never be able to do that again - the damage to my throat was too severe, the scar tissue too thick. Pineapple juice gets me through Christmas church services, weddings, and funerals. My new speaking voice is low, husky. At least my Beloved finds it sexy. :) I still get sciatica flare-ups. Walking up stairs is always hard, though hiking keeps my legs in good condition. I try to hike over all kinds of terrain; I seem to handle stairs better when I'm practicing on hills and boulder fields. Some academic knowledge stayed with me - I kept English, Geography, most medicine, some science, and some languages. I lost math, music, physics, and other languages. I'm hoping that I'll be able to relearn the math and physics in the next few years. I miss the logical beauty of equations. I can still learn, but I learn like an average person now. Old Sati used to be able to pick up most languages in days, and become fluent within a month or two. New Sati has been learning Japanese for five years and feels like she knows very little. The brain damage was such that my neurologist warned me that I might never age, emotionally and mentally. To some extent, this has proven to be true. In many ways I still feel like a 21-year-old, and an immature one at that. The books and movies and TV shows that really call to my heart are ones that are intended for teenagers. I've chosen not to have children for a number of reasons, but this is one of the big ones. I don't think it's fair for a child to grow up with a mother who they will eventually age past. Still, the last year has seen more emotional growth than the previous ten, so there's hope. I'm not sure I'd be able to have kids, even if I wanted them. I'm pretty messed up inside. I have a lot of internal scars from the infections, which has manifested as scars called adhesions. Adhesions are bands of scar tissue that stick to one another. Sometimes, usually the week before my period, some of my organs stick together. The tugging sensation is unpleasant, and it makes peeing and pooping really difficult and very painful, because bits get sort of pulled out of place. If they get bad enough, I can have surgery to have the adhesions removed...except sometimes the surgery causes new adhesions to form. For now, I'm letting things stay as they are. They don't bother me too often. I date. I sometimes fall in love. I enjoy sex, a lot, the vast majority of the time. However, sometimes it's painful, and sometimes my scars tear and I bleed. Some men cope with this gracefully, some don't. That's OK. It's a good filter. From time I time, I struggle with what I call The Void. The Void is depression and anger and despondency, but it's also me. I am The Void. Because amnesia left me a blank slate and I had to rebuild myself from scratch, there are times when I feel like nothing in my personality is real; like I am not a real person but a hollow shell covered in a veneer of intelligence and charm, and I am deathly afraid that the people who know and like me will eventually realise that none of what they see has any substance to it. Still, for the most part I enjoy my life. It's an interesting world, and I am lucky enough to have a bucketload of resilience, as well as the personality of a golden retriever or a Disney Princess, that causes me to be both naturally cheerful and full of wonder. Rape's terrible. There's no denying that. Brain damage is terrible. PTSD is terrible. Life's not.
shopping spree i know christmas shopping ended (for some people) but big night is coming and i have one amazing place for shopping to suggest you! maybe you already know it or maybe not.. but i'm tinking about eFoxCity!  why do you need to go and check it out? well that is simple! #1.  cheap formal dress they have so many pretty dresses for special occasion, and they are pretty cheap too. check it out here. #2. cheap evening dresses 2013  if you are looking for evening dress this place is perfect for you. you imagine it, they have it ;) so cool! check it out here. #3.   fashion wedding dresses 2013 and if you are looking for that very special white dress ;) yes i'm thinking on wedding dress you absolutely have to check it out! click here. and the things that i like from eFoxCity are... this is what i call dreamy..oh so, so dreamy. can some please invite me to some very fancy, up-east side party so i can buy this dress? pleaseee! royal blue.. how not to love this dress!? and i would so rock it ;) and how cute is this  jacket..? super cute if you ask me! :) or this shirt. and it's so cheap! just $ 15 ! well let's stop.. ;)  as you can see they really have amazing thing, so go (click here) check them out. enjoy in weekend! xo
L-C-S Workout L-C-S Workout (legs, core, shoulders)  3 - 5 rounds of 5 different exercises done in form of HIIT training.  30 secs max effort and 10 secs rest in between each exercise  Set your timer to : 15x10/30 (for 3 rounds)  Or  25x10/30 (for 5 rounds)  Each round consists of:  1) Raised monkey press ups  2) Long arm crunch with added weight  ( I am using 5 kg plate in this workout. If you are a complete beginner, you can skip the plate and just try to touch your ankles instead) 3) Kick ups 4)Swiss ball knee pikes 5) Bosu mountain climbers  Again , remember that the correct form is more important that speed. Keep your core tights at all times .  Start where you are, believe you can do it and just do what you can.  It's not about perfection ,it's about progression Step by step ...you got this 💪  Disclaimer:  Don't attempt to perform any form of HIIT training if you suffer from heart conditions or any other serious health conditions . Alternatively, consult it with your doctor before hand.  Enjoy your workout and have a woonderful day 😁🌞🌍  Angg Woo Wellness Coach  ( Fitness, Mindset, Nutrition )  Any questions regards coaching ? Get in touch , it's easier to do it together 💪 📧 anggwoo82@gmail.com
News Just In! Aloha Bloggerinos, I have just come back from the salon with blondey blonde blonde hair! Oh yes! It's my hen night tomorrow night *prays the girls haven't booked a stripper* so I thought I would give myself a bit of hair love. My hair is an absolute beast and is so thick that the hairdresser looked a little like she wanted to stab me with her comb after a couple of hours, mwahahaha. (my arty eye- see below for reason!) Now, I have a few bits of news so I thought I would moosh them all together like a News-Just-In-Hotpot. Firstly, I have recently heard that Cosmopolitan have launched the 'Cosmo Blog Award', sponsored by the ever brilliant Collection 2000. They are calling upon all blog readers to nominate their favourite blog and I am calling upon my lovely Bloggerinos to click HERE and give me a mention. I kid you not, I would piddle my pants with glee if you did that for me, I would be touched (ooerr) and honoured! piddlepiddle.  (Hair fascinator for ETSY shop- reason below) Secondly, I am starting up an ETSY shop! I have set it up but it needs tweaking and product pictures uploading. I wanted really pretty pictures and my chum Rob said he would do them for me. Rob has done weddings, portraits, arty pictures of the sea type things, 'real' shots of people, and now of course, my crafty bits. He will read this and be annoyed that I haven't described him very well at all, so Rob, I'm sorry!! Anyway, I will share a couple of pictures (scattered amongst this post) with you and of course point you to my ETSY shop when it is officially open, but if there is anyone in the Midland/Anglia type region and you would like a fantastic photographer, leave a comment and I will pass on his details. What he enjoys most (aprt from Photography bookings), is when you say his car looks like a panda. It's his fav. (cupcake Earrings for ETSY shop) Thirdly, thank you to everyone for their well wished for Mattmoo, who was in hospital this week. He is on the mend now and a happy chappy being so spoilt. I think that's all for now lovely jubbly Bloggerinos. I'm off to do a few crafty bits for my shop and then get packing for my Hen Night! Woooo!! If any of you are out in Liverpool on Saturday, keep your peepers peeled and say "Aloha" to me! Toodlepip! xx
A moving type video to brighten your day I don't know about where you are, but it's been pretty awful weather where I am today. I'm talking heavy rain, wind, freezing cold, stormy :/ One of them was a really colourful and animated moving typography animation, it's really good. To be honest it's pretty useless if you watched it to learn the lyrics to the song as the words appear a little out of sync and there's a lot of changing angles and what have you. Here's the link... even if you hate the movie or think the song is lame just watch it anyway, lots of bright colours and cheesy imagery asscoiations. Introducing Me - moving type lyrics Until next time :)  
The Start! Yes, finally I have started this ridiculous and mind you long overdue aim of finally getting fit. The target is one year from now (to be exact 05/05/2012), I will have shed the three and a half stone, maintained not only the weight but the excercise habits that I plan to develop along the way. One year and no going back. So readers, if you are out there: I need your support and will very very very much be grateful if from now and then you could look in on me and ask me how I'm doing. I will answer and I will be here each and every day writing on my progress and letting you know how it all goes. One thing I won't be doing is probably sharing the name of the weight loss method because then it would just be free advertisement (and as although I am known at The Greenwich Gazette for my love all things free whether in giving or receiving I think this one would be too much even by my standards). I know it is a safe method of losing weight. Tried and tested. so I will refer to the weight loss plan as "The Plan" because ultimately that is what it is. Plain and simple. Tomorrow a new dawn begins and I look forward to where this journey will take me. I expect you to be there with me each and every step of the way. Thank you all in advance.
1 Day Detox- Hollywood/Red carpet diet! Hi there :) I have been following a one day detox each week and using the Hollywood diet regime without buying the cleansing drink. I make my own to save ££s. About the Hollywood diet The Hollywood Diet originated -surprise -In Hollywood! It claims to be a 48 hour miracle diet, where you are allowed to drink only a specially formulated juice. This juice will be the only thing that you are permitted to consume for the next two days. It contains 100 percent of the necessary vitamins and minerals you need in a regular diet. In theory, you should lose between 5 and 10lbs in the 2 days whilst on the diet, this will vary depending on your metabolism and starting weight. While on the diet you must refrain from drinking alcohol, caffeine based drinks and smoking. The original Hollywood 48 Hour Miracle Diet Juice is a recipe for a 2-day liquid fasting diet, which is a homemade version of "The Hollywood Diet". If you follow it correctly, you can lose up to 10 pounds in 2 days. You will be drinking only liquids for two days. It is recommended that you do not repeat this diet more than once or twice per month. My Version I detox for one day (not 2 like the Hollywood diet) and drink the juice for breakfast and Lunch and make a large soup for the evening. Here is the Hollywood diet drink recipe: Ingredients Juice of 4 oranges Juice of 2 lemons 2 Tbls. Manuka honey 1 banana, peeled and sliced 1 apple peeled and sliced 1 cup of grape juice (can be store bought) Combine the ingredients and blend or stir thoroughly. This will make enough concentrate to last you one day. Add 1 litre or 2 pints of distilled or spring water, and sip the juice throughout the day. If you get thirsty, you may drink only distilled or mineral water. Much of your weight loss will be due to the cleansing properties of the juice. It is estimated one third of the weight lost will be from fat and/or muscle, one third will be water loss, and one third will be fecal and waste matter, which is beneficial as a clean system gives a sense of well being, and allows for a better functioning bowel. I believe whether you decide to make your own juice or buy the original, The Hollywood Diet is a great way to jump start a weight loss program or also to be used as a short detox cleansing diet like for myself. My cleansing soup 1 teaspoon olive oil 2 cloves of garlic, chopped2 tablespoons diced onion 1 inch of fresh ginger, peeled and chopped4 cups fresh broccoli, cut up1/2 pound of fresh spinach leaves 3 parsnips, peeled, chopped2 ribs of celery, trimmed, chopped handful of fresh parsley, Fresh water, tiny pinch of Sea salt and ground pepper, to taste Lemon or lime juice Instructions:Using a large soup pot, heat the olive oil over medium heat and stir in the garlic, onion, and ginger to season the oil. Add the broccoli, spinach, parsnips, celery and parsley, and stir a bit until the spinach wilts and collapses. Add just enough water to cover the vegetables. Remember the spinach will cook down quite a bit, so don't add too much water at first. You can always thin the soup later, if you need to.Bring to a high simmer, cover the pot, and reduce the heat to a medium simmer. Cook for fifteen minutes or so until the veggies are softened.Use an immersion blender to puree the soup. Serve with NO BREAD! :( When to do the 1 day detox? Well the best time to do this is weekly when there is a change in the Lunar cycle One-day fasting has proven to be a great way to detox your body and improve your immunity. The secret is to juice fast for 24 hours. Only liquids foods may be consumed; and only coinciding with the changes in the moon’s cycle. You must begin the at a specific time when the moon enters a new phase. Within those 24 hours you are not allowed to consume any solid food, but you should drink as much water as possible. You can also drink juice but ONLY freshly squeezed juice without sugar or additives. Alcohol and milk are strictly forbidden. Between 3 and 4 litres (6-8 pints) of liquids should be consumed in the 24 hour period. Within 24 hours you can lose up to 6 lbs if you follow it correctly. There are no possible undesirable effects, if you do begin to feel hungry have a large glass of vegetable juice. The gravity of the moon influences not only oceans and rivers but also body fluids. When the moon changes phases, during the first 24 hours this influence has the greatest potential as it takes 24 hours for the magnetic field of the Earth to change. All this action makes your body let go of it's excess fluids. If you let your body "breathe" for a day, you will lose all the unnecessary water and toxins which are being accumulated in your body as a result of an unhealthy diet, bad digestion and stress. This waste material also makes you gain fat easier. It's important to stress that by following this detox you don't lose fat. You still need to be active and be careful about what you eat. But it is a great way to detox your body and introduce a healthy lifestyle. I'd recommend it as a good introduction to a diet because if you notice a large improvement on the scale in just one day, it will boost your self esteem a lot, which makes losing weight easier. The main thing about this detox is not for weight loss, which is only a pleasant side effect but to detox the body and make you feel light. Since the moon cycle changes once a week, if you practice this diet every week, you can lose and maintain your pcos weight. Of course, you should stick to a balanced diet in between fasting periods with plenty of protein....see my last blog! Next changes in the lunar cycle are 21st Feb 2012, 1st March 2012, 8th, 15th and 22nd March. Give it a go for one day on one of the above dates, see how much you loose the first time? I lost 3lbs my first time, now I ve been following it a while I loose 1lb but it is helping me maintain and keep to my ideal weight for my PCOS. You can do it!
Ottolenghi - lamb Had surprise guests for dinner last night and just a few hours to get ourselves together. decided to use Ottolenghi's recipe for lamb marinaded in honey and herbs. It was sublime - despite not having the time to marinade it overnight. One kilo of meat was sufficient to fill 4 adults to popping; you know the food is good when even the most cautious eater says they'll share seconds with someone else :) the marinade is surprising in a few respects - firstly that so many ingredients can blitz down to so little; but also that that "little" is plenty to marinade a kilo of lamb in. It is bunches and bunches of mint, coriander, parsley, and then a good few glugs of red wine vinegar and honey. Whew! it was delish and will definitely appear on our menu again.
Diet!! I've just been reading a fellow bloggers writing on how she's losing weight. I'm thinking this is something I must do too. Now that I have 3 grandchildren I need to be fit to play with them and at the moment I'm just so full of aches and pains. My one shoulder and arm hurts such a lot, I'm waiting to go for physio which may take up to 10 weeks for the appointment so I'm thinking a bit of exercise may work, nothing too strenuous mind you maybe start with doing more walking. I most definitely need to diet - or is that the wrong word - maybe I just need to eat more healthy, if I do that then surely the weight will come off too. So that's my new days resolution, more salads and veg and not as much biscuits and sweets. I'll let you know how I get on.
I'm BACK, baby!!! My trusted and busted Pearl Izumi's A day of rest fixed me right up and I felt good enough to get back in the gym today. In my head, all I could hear was my own personal soundtrack 'Back in the Saddle Again' sung personally to me by Aerosmith. (Gah, wouldn't that be a dream come true? Confession: I had a huge crush on Steven Tyler when I was a teenager, which yes, was ages ago. It didn't matter that he was old enough to be my Dad. He was hot!) So, upon reflection of my last visit and it's affect on my back I remembered I'd pushed up the resistance during my time on the stationary bike in the last 5 minutes. Armed with that knowledge, I made sure to stay a bit more aware during those last five minutes on the bike, made some minor adjustments to my posture and how I was pushing my weight through my legs to the pedals. (Another confession, I'm an awful pronator with my feet so pushing my weight through the center of my feet can be challenging. As if any of you wanted to know that. :D) I kept my pace slightly lower on the treadmill and I finished with flying colors. It feels really great to be able to make a recovery with that and not end up in a bad position where I couldn't work out again without an osteopath's assistance.  And, despite my love affair with my trusted and busted Pearl Izumi's, I'm on the hunt for a new pair of trainers. Do you have a favorite brand that you find you go back to over and over? And did you ever have a secret crush on a musician, rock and roll icon, etc etc when you were a teenager? I'd love to hear who yours was. Ciao, xoxo
Olympics inspiration Okay, my husband is really into the Olympics - this is fine as I kind of like it too, and I like suddenly becoming an expert on things like diving or gymnastics - I loved sports at primary school and played badminton and netball for the school but my teenage years were a bit marred by teacher strikes and so  there were no opportunities for extra-curricular things like sports fixtures against other schools. What a shame such things were considered as extras that teachers and pupils had to do outside of regular school time!! Anyway, I wish I had kept up sports but I hid behind asthma and I have paid for it ever since!  If only I had been active for longer in my youth then I wouldn't now need to lose so much weight (5 stone by the way).  I was going to a personal trainer until recently when I was made redundant and could no longer afford him, but I am making a commitment today that not having his support doesn't mean I can't work out!  I will blog again tomorrow after my home work out. Oh,and the hygge part?  Well I think for now it's about how I treat myself rather than how many candles I light. Lyttlestar xx
Like a fish out of water – but like a grizzly bear in it I love swimming. I love the feeling of being light weight, lifted off my feet and floating.  I find the repeated rythms relaxing and drift off in my own mind.  Apart from the fact I can’t put my head under the water and can really only do the breast stroke, there really aren’t any negatives.  I even enjoy it so much that I don’t notice if anyone is staring at my beach whale body. Image credit: http://www.mybigfatblog.co.uk/ But, does swimming have an effect on weightloss? I’ve read so many conflicting opinions online recently – some saying, yes of course, why wouldn’t you lose weight as you burn calories, through to the more ridiculous ‘you’re in cold water and your body holds onto fat to keep you warm.’ What do you all think? Personally I would say, go for it. In addition to strength training and other cardio exercises, swimming can help tone the body and increase lung strength etc. So there’s nothing to lose!
July's Foodie Penpal reveal day................ Well it's that time of the month again, so it must be time for one thing. Reveal day! This month I was selected to send my box to Kimberley @ fullasanegg Apart from a dislike of perfumey (is that a word?) tastes she didn't have any preferences so I was able to run wild with my box. You can see what she thought of it here. I received my box from the lovely Julia @ sthingmissing.    She writes a brilliant blog with recipes that all "have something missing" whether that be gluten, dairy, eggs or meat/animal products proving that you don't have to miss out on great food and treats if you are on a restrictive diet. Her pineapple and coconut semi-freddo recipe is to die for!  I always try and resist peeking at the box's content before I've read the letter, but after reading she'd made me some gingerbread men I just couldn't resist and had to have a quick peek. They looked so cute looking up at me with their wonderful chocolate shoes. She even sent me a cookie cutter and the recipe so I could have a go at making my own. There is only two left in the photo, the rest had already been devoured by my little boy and his friend. I did manage to try one of the remaining ones and it was delicious.  Stevie has helped me eat the Cadbury's chocolate mascot too. It was like eating an Easter egg in the middle of July.  We live near to the City of Coventry stadium where some of the Olympic football matches are being played, so it's nice to get into the spirit of the games (any excuse for chocolate!) I love both mustard and Guinness so I was excited to find this little beauty in my box. I quite like a cheese and mustard sandwich (I'm odd, I know) so that's how I first tried it. The Guinness flavour was very subtle but it was a nice mustard all the same. I'm going to try in my sausage and leek casserole when the weather cools down. I nearly bought plantain chips to go in the parcel I send this month but changed my mind at the last minute so I'm interested in trying them myself, but I haven't got round to sampling them yet.  The thing I'm most excited about is trying Julia's Tom Yam Kung recipe, she sent me. She told be how she had learnt this recipe from the locals at a Thai cookery school whilst travelling in Thailand. She thoughtfully included some of the ingredients for me to use. Lime leaves are not something I would usually keep in my store cupboard so it was fantastic to find them in my box.  Another first for me is white tea. I love spiced tea and enjoying drinking fruit teas in the summer but I like my black tea very, very strong so I wasn't sure if the delicate taste of white tea would be for me. I was actually quite surprised as I really quite liked it. Thanks again go to Julia for putting together my box of treasure.  If you are in the UK and would like to take part next month, fill in the application form here  before the 4th August. If you are reading this from America or Canada they you can join in here 
Real Techniques make up brush haul Oooo Boots and their 342 deals. I can never say no and being the make up brush obsessed woman that I am I literally jumped at the chance to add a load of my favourite Real Techniques brushes to my kit! I'm rather excited about the NEW retractable bronzer brush.  What is your favourite Real Techniques brush?  Detailed reviews of all of these brushes will be coming soon. Any particular one you would like an in depth review of first? xxxxxx
Where have I gone? I have worked all my adult life helping kids avoid bullies. Ignore it. You are better than that. Tell someone. The bully has bigger issue, let's try to understand them. When you've trusted someone with all your faults and foibles, secrets and hopes and been as real as you can be: and they turn on you and treat you appallingly - that stings. When you are a kid. When you are an adult you go through loads of feelings, the whole range sometimes. When you are an adult with a mental health disorder it is all these things, plus you need to try and keep yourself safe. And when the good friend who dumped on you after 15 years of friendship, knowing what it would do to you as they have a very close relative with MH themselves? You can fill in the rest. I AM still blogging, but am starting afresh, hopefully somewhere where, "Dear Reader" she will leave me alone.
Why am I not losing weight? The title of this post is not about me.  I lost 3kg this week.  And when I don't lose weight I usually know exactly why!  The amount of work I put in is eerily parallel with how the scale reacts...funny that. But what if, you're like me in my 'good' times, and you're working your butt off, and the scales just aren't shifting? This week I've had a couple of people message me with the same question...and by  glancing at some social media posts, I've seen other people struggling with the same topic.   WHY AM I NOT LOSING WEIGHT? I'm not talking about people who aren't following Basic Weight Loss 101.  Energy in vs energy out.  If you're not sure what that means then this post isn't for you.  Instead I'm talking about the people who are genuinely following the 'right' weight loss rules, but week in, week out, aren't seeing changes.  These people who messaged me and who I read about are struggling, and as far as I can tell, are genuinely putting the effort in.  In fact they're going above and beyond basic effort!  They're working so damn hard for this, and I know how heart wrenching it can be, to not see your efforts reflect on the scales. I replied to one of the messages and I asked the person I sent it to if they would mind if I used my response for this post - I thought it was something worth blogging about, in case this can help anyone else, as there seems to be a few people out there.  I have permission to use what I said and have taken out all identifying references! :)  My answer would be similar for anyone - so here it is for other people, edited and fleshed out a little for my blog.  I've split it up into sections too, for easier reading. Before you read it though, please know that the only expertise I have, is in being myself.  I am not a doctor, dietician, nutritionist, medical or health professional in any way, shape or form.  My name is Kate, and I used to be Morbidly Obese and now I'm not.  That's it.  All of the stuff I say below should not be taken as gospel - my ideas may be wrong!  Also, this is not advice, these are just my thoughts and suggestions of what to perhaps look for.  If you want professional advice, please see a professional.  I'm not an expert, but these people asked my opinion.  And the only basis my opinion has is from my own experiences and from what I've seen in other people and read about.  Disclaimer-ed enough??  Well then, here we go. :) ____________ Hey :) With the weight thing, this is NORMAL.  Please relax, it could be one of many things:  How much you weigh:   You said you're not losing as much as you used to.  What you lose when you start losing weight won’t be the same all along.  As you get lighter, more work needs to be done to hit the same losses.  Eg. generally speaking most people who start out at 140kg+ can easily drop 20-30kg in the first 3 months.  Easy.  People who start out at 100-140kg can probably lose more like 10-20kg in that time frame, people 80-100kg maybe 10kg, and it goes down - down - down.  So someone 65kg would be lucky to lose 5kg in their three months.  I’m making these numbers up from the top of my head so they’re not exact, but it’s around about from what I’ve heard and seen and experienced.  As you get lighter, the weight loss slows down.  I saw someone ask yesterday how much weight people dropped when they first started losing weight.  It totally depends on their start weight (and a million other factors).  Someone who starts at 160kg, who’s never moved before could easily be 130kg down by the end of their first three months.  However imagine a 70kg person, there’s no (safe) way that they’d be 40kg in the same amount of time.  So try to relax…this is normal.  You’re heaps lighter than when you started so it’s literally physically inevitable that you’ll drop weight at a lower rate now.  Body stress: Also your body could be stressed to the max with all the exercise you’re doing.  This happens to me all the time.  Sometimes less exercise (less stress on the body) makes me drop more rather than when I’m going nuts and climbing a mountain or two a day.   Your body's used to it:  Also the fact you’ve been doing this for so long, your body is probably plateauing and used to what you’re doing.   It could believe that what you do now is the norm, so it will stop dropping, as it takes everything as normal.  It might be time to spice things up a bit?  Maybe change your diet around…start trying foods you don’t usually eat.  Stay within your calories, but just eat differently.  Eg. I did a big cook-up late last year and I made a lot of food that I hadn’t tried before.  Turns out I wasn’t fussed on it lol – it was a good lesson learnt – don’t make 30 batches of something you haven’t tried before – you may not love it, then you have 29 more batches in your freezer to get through! Anyway, I didn’t eat it all and after a couple of months I wanted to clear some space and felt like I should eat what I’d made.  So as much as I was not a fan of the stuff I'd pushed to the back corner of the freezer, I made myself eat everything.  I reckon that kicked my weight loss up a notch, coz I was eating stuff I don’t usually eat.  It was the same cals I usually eat, but it was just different types of food.  My body was like whoah – what is this different food?  I dropped more weight around then than I believe I would have if I'd stayed eating my usual favourites that my body had grown accustomed to.  I think because it had to start learning how to process this new food - it was different and it mixed things up for my body. Also maybe look at changing the exercise you’re doing around.  As long as you’re moving that’s all that matters really, but if you want to start losing more, it may be worth changing things.  Just to shock your body and to make it think again.  What do you do for exercise?  If you do boot camp, try running.  If you’re walking, try dancing.  If you’re hiking, try cycling.  LOL.  Change things around… Regular eating: Some people might disagree but I find it really important to eat every 2-3 hours.  I eat 5-6 meals a day.  I think I have a shot metabolism after years of eating disorders, so this is my little way of trying to get it working as best as it can.  And I know you know this, but of course never skip breaky.  Eating loses weight - starving yourself doesn't.  Eat up!  Also a little side note, I tend to lose more when I up the protein in my snacks. The unknown: There's so much going on with our bodies, we can never really tell what's going on inside.  Mine surprises me all the time.  When I was leading up to Operation Birthday, there was one week where I was absolutely perfect with my eating.  I did not have one bite of anything that wasn't strictly planned and within my cals.  I was really focused this whole time, but this particular week, I was vigilant to the absolute letter!  I also worked out like a nutter. The next Wednesday I jumped on the scales, expecting to be digitally rewarded, and I can't remember exactly, but I either stayed the same or put on weight.  WHAT?  I was shocked.  (And very disappointed!)  But I did the best thing I could have done, and I kept going the next week.  And that following week when I was slightly less than perfect, I lost something like 4kg.  I have no idea why those 2 weeks worked out that way, but it happens.  TTOTM, DOMS, fluid retention, injuries, illnesses, weird ass body stuff that we will never understand...it could be anything.  We can plan all we like and work as hard as we can, but internal rules all and will dictate the scales every single time.  There's only so much we can do.  Just keep going and don't give up, and it will all work out in the end.  Medical stuff: Remember that there actually could be medical stuff going on.  My friend has a thyroid issue and this physically affects her ability to lose weight.  I'm sure you're fine but just keep it in mind, that if you are doing all of the 'right' things and nothing happens for so long, it might be worth going in for a check-up. On a similar note, check your calories.  Calories in (food) and calories out (exercise).  They may need adjusting.  It's possible you're eating too little for the amount of exercise you're doing.  If you're smashing out 3 hours of intense exercise a day and trying to cope with limited calories, your body may not lose anything as it's holding on for dear life, the small amount of cals that it's getting.  Consult professionals and test out what is best for you. Keep going: More than anything, just keep going and relax because it’s normal.  I’ve seen people be excited when they hit their goal of losing 2kg in 3 months.  Starting at over 140kg myself, I get so amazed by this, I think 2kg??  But they started at 58kg, so 2kg is a lot to them, just like 20kg is a lot to us.  It’s all relative.  Also, the smaller you get not only the less weight you drop, but the harder it is to do so.  So I've been told anyway - I've never gotten to that point yet!  I'm sure there’s a reason Mish has a book dedicated to “Losing the last 5kg”.  So many of us struggle with this, it's so disheartening when you know you're working so damn hard and the scales aren't reflecting the effort you're putting in.  This does a lot of people’s heads in and it’s no wonder why xx  The stuff above are just a few of the things you might want to consider - I'm sure there's more that it could be.  But more than anything you can't give up.  It will happen eventually.  Also, that’s all just physical stuff.  Mentally and emotionally is a whole other kettle of fish.  This journey is so LONG!  Especially for us who have a lot of weight to lose.  Take heart sweetheart and keep going, mix things up if you can and sit back and know that it’s 100% normal, and that you will get there. Lots of love, hope this helps xoxoo
Ups and Downs ? Have had an odd week since my last post. All started well on Wednesday and I ate like a pig trying to use all my points.    Weight Watchers has changed and in my opinion for the better.  Fruit is now free and most vegetables so it's all the other stuff that goes with it that you have to point. You are allocated a daily allowance of points that are calculated on you weight, sex, age and height which you have to use each and every day. Non of this carrying over business like there used to be. Then all members have an additional weekly allowance of 49. This can be used on whatever and however you want. I am at the moments splitting it between my days so I have 33 points a day. But if I am going out, or having a meal I can use them towards this instead.  So what have I eaten this week ?? Wed: 04/01 BreakFast - 2 x Turkey Rashers                  Baked Beans                  Slice of Toast  Lunch -       Brown Rice                  Wafer This Ham                   Cucumber and Celery                  no fat strawberry yoghurt Dinner -      Fillet of Salmon                  Broccoli and sweetcorn Snacks -     2 full fat Babybel                 1 curly Wurly Thurs: 05/01 Breakfast -  2 egg omlette with ham Lunch -       2 Weight Watcher (WW) Tortillas with wafer thin ham                  Cucumber, Sweetcorn                  1 red apple Dinner -      4 bacon medallions                   Mushrooms                  A poached egg                  Baked Beans                  1 slice of toast with flora light                  Brown Sauce                  Raspberry Sorbet Snack -       1 full fat Babybel Fri 06/01 Breakfast -  Baked Beans on a slice of Wholemeal toast with flora light Lunch -       Golden Rice                   Wafer Thin Ham                   Philadelphia extra light                  6 x Melba Toast  As some of you know after lunch I was taken to hospital and had the pleasure (not) of an overnight stay. The good thing is it was nothing serious and I am under treatment. The not so good thing was the fact that I had lost my appetite and only ate because I had to. Dinner  - A cheese sandwich with proper butter on white toast and slice of toast with porper butter later on. Sat - 07/01  Breakfast - 2 slices of white toast with proper butter Just before lunch I was discharged and my husband took me home then went shopping with our daughter !!!!! Not as bad as you might think, he was very thoughtful, (as I felt like crap for the next few days) and bought me in some crumpets for breakfast, which he found out are quite low pointed, and some weight watcher meals so I could just stick something in the oven when I was hungry and still keep on track. So how did I do ??   drum roll please ..................................................................................... I lost a fantastic 4lb.  I am so pleased, to say I didn't have an appetite and ate lots of white bread (my vice) that I still lost so much. I am going to set my self little goals instead of a large goal that will seem impossible to meet. My first is losing 5 % of my starting bodyweight. This means I have 5lbs to loose and I am determined to meet this in the next 3 - 4 weeks.  I'm not sure what my finishing weight will be, but I have a particular summer dress I would like to me wearing this year. Will keep you posted xx
Competition countdown - 5 days to go! Well hello there! See, I told you I wouldn't abandon you again (at least not just yet! ;-) ) Weight Well, I'm 5 days away from the UKBFF Stars of Tomorrow 2010 competition and I'm starting to get rather excited. This is mainly due to my phenomenal weight loss over the last couple of weeks which I can only attribute to help from the fabulous guidance from the gorgeous and talented Vikkie Krzyzanowski. If you've not visited http://bikinifitness.co.uk/ yet you really need to get yourself over there! Basically, 2 weeks ago I was feeling pretty fed up and bordering on desperate. Although I was losing weight, it was fluctuating so much that anything I lost was going back on, my weight graph was a total zig-zag! As well as logging my weight training and cardio routines on my iFitness app, I've also been logging my weight on so to give you an idea, here's my weigh-ins (not regular) from 9th to 27th October: 09/10/2010 - 150.0lbs (67.5kg) 13/14/2010 - 148.8lbs (67.0kg) 15/10/2010 - 148.6lbs (67.4kg) 16/10/2010 - 146.8lbs (66.6kg) 18/10/2010 - 148.6lbs (67.1kg) 19/10/2010 - 148.0lbs (67.1kg) 20/10/2010 - 147.2lbs (66.8kg) 24/10/2010 - 146.6lbs (66.5kg) 25/10/2010 - 147.4lbs (66.9kg) 27/10/2010 - 148.6lbs (67.4kg)  I was so demotivated and when Vikkie emailed to ask how my competition prep was going, I expressed my sheer frustration and concern at not being able to drop enough pounds before the show! So she took some details from me and put together a special bespoke diet plan for me which included how meal ingredients, properties (amounts of protein, fat, calories etc), frequency and quantity too - what a star! To say that this diet plan had a dramatic effect on my weight loss would be somewhat of an understatement. I think the figures speak for themselves: 29/10/2010 - 148.0lbs (67.1kg) 30/10/2010 - 147.2lbs (66.8kg) 31/10/2010 - 146.2lbs (66.3kg) 02/11/2010 - 147.2lbs (66.8kg) 04/11/2010 - 145.8lbs (66.1kg) 06/11/2010 - 144.6lbs (65.6kg) 07/11/2010 - 144.0lbs (65.3kg) 09/11/2010 - 143.6lbs (65.1kg) Although this might not seem a great deal of weight lost, you need to appreciate that my weight has fluctuated between 146lbs and 150lbs for the past year now, at one point even going up to 153lbs which scared me somewhat! I think my lowest weight was around 145/6lbs when I did the Dukan Diet for a couple of weeks before realising that if I kept it up I might lose my health as well as my mind! Also please bear in mind that I've managed to achieve this weight loss while still eating around 13,000 + Calories a day comprised of at least 6 small meals... I'm basically eating every 2 hours and finding that it really suits me and has helped to shrink my stomach too :-) I won't give away *too* much info on the diet as it has been specifically tailored for my needs so if you want one of your own you'd have to contact Vikki yourself :-) Progress So, here's me on Saturday. I thought I should practice some poses for the contest. Unfortunately I find this difficult as I have an ankle injury - an Osteochondral Defect which is due surgery and the position of which means that when I put my foot into certain position - e.g. when wearing high heels - it 'catches' and hurts like hell!! I was due to have this operated on 2 days after my competition but the stress caused by mountains of work and the fact that we're *still* having building work carried out in our bedroom, meant that I just would not be able to convalesce in peace - I've been told I need around 2 weeks of total rest with my ankle elevated at all times! I think I also get crutches and a funny shoe to wear - cute! ;-) So now my operation is in January which is good as I get Christmas out of the way without having to work round a healing fragile ankle and that is just as well as we're having *both* sets of parents, plus Joe's older brother, round for the whole Christmas period! It's a good job we've got four bedrooms or I don't think we'd get everyone in! Anyway, I've gone a bit off track again so here's the pic I took on my rubbish phone while commandeering my son's bedroom as he was out at drama school. If anyone has teenage children you will appreciate what an unpleasant experience this was for me but I managed to crop most of the rubbish and junk out of the picture (I think!) and this was even after cleaning up the room a bit so I could walk to the full length mirrors without falling to my death on the array of junk that was strewn across the entire length of the room!! I'm quite pleased with how I look in this pic. Obviously I've still got a long way to go with leaning out my legs but these are my 'problem area' as I'm classically pear shaped... I find it incredibly difficult to lose weight on my legs or butt, the latter I'm not as concerned about because it has such a nice shape but I'd love it if my legs were slimmer - especially near the top. Anyway, I'm very pleased with my stomach right now as I've been doing a tonne of sit-ups, which I deplore!! I think working my abs is my least favourite thing, it just feels too much like hard work! ;-) Training Here's what I've been up to over the last couple of days Saturday 6th October I didn't get a chance to train so it was an enforced rest day that my body was probably quite glad of! I went out in the evening for a friend's birthday drinks and managed to stay off the booze and just drink diet coke and sparkling water. This was rather difficult given how merry everyone else was but I still had a great time and a bit of a boogie too. I can't hand on heart say I wouldn't have a had a *better* time had I drunk alcohol though ;-) Sunday 7th October I was meant to train for longer on Sunday but I literally ran out of time as was busy throughout the day so I thought I'd catch my old gym before it shut at 9pm. So I ran from our new place to the old gym and blasted out a super speedy leg session before running back. Run - 2.9km - 15 mins Leg Extension - 35kg - 3 x 10 reps Leg Curl - 35kg - 3 x 10 reps Leg Press - 80kg - 3 x 10 reps Run - 2.9km - 16 mins Monday 8th October As I'm so close to my competition, Vikkie has advised me to drop the weight and up the reps which is reflected below as I usually do a lot less with more weight: Spin Class - 45 mins Bent over dumbbell rows - 10kg - 4 x 15 reps Bent over reverse dumbbell flye - 4kg - 4 x 15 reps Lat pulldown - 35kg - 4 x 15 reps Low row - 35kg/30kg - 1/3 x 12/15 reps Tuesday 9th October Boxercise! :-D I love Tuesdays for this reason! I felt weak to start but my increased fitness levels started to kick in and I managed to complete the class without dying, which is always nice ;-)  Contest Prep Bikini I'm attempting to make a bikini... well, two, in time for the show, but I'm trying to be realistic and I do have a back-up in the form of the one in the picture which is the one I wore for FAME... it's about 10 years old, lol! But I do love it :-) Tanning I've bought some Jan Tana Ultra 1 which is a new Jan Tana produce and is apparently the darkest Posing Definitely need to work on that so will have to brave the painful heels between now and Sunday! Diet & Nutrition As until recently I hadn't trained much since May this year I had quite a lot of surplus Maximusle Promax protein powder to use up and, instead of doing my usual and just order a load more I thought I'd branch out and try a few other brands so have been ordering sample sachets from various places.  I really love USN's Pure Protein, the pistachio is nice and the strawberry is so close to a regular milkshake it's unreal. There is a slight synthetic after-taste I find but that might just be me as my sense of smell and taste-buds are super-sensitive. Vikkie recommended I finish the day with a protein shake containing Casein so I have been drinking MyProtein's 'Milk Protein Smooth' in chocolate smooth flavour which is definitely an acquired taste! The powder is also really messy and what I thought was a great idea - having it in pouches - is actually a pain because of the consistency of the powder - it goes *everywhere*!! However, it's really great stuff, it doesn't taste bad, just different to regular whey, and I must say I feel like I've slept better and woken up more refreshed every time I've taken it before bed. No dodgy stomach side-effects too which is always nice! I also really like MyProtein's Impact Whey protein in Strawberry Cream flavour. I wasn't too keen on many of the others, particularly raspberry - which is a shame as it's my favourite fruit! After the competition on Sunday I'm going to take a week off to let my body recover from the intense training and I plan to schedule a couple of cheat meals too!! ;-) After that I'm going to get straight back on it as the diet I've been on has really suited me in terms of the type and quantity of the food and the results I've achieved. I'm planning to up my carbohydrate content a little though and aim for a more gradual weight loss to take me up to January when I will have to scale back my food because my activity levels will drop significantly - to zero for a few weeks at least - once I have my operation! So I'm going to need a protein powder that supports my weighloss goals and also helps me preserve my muscle and I've found a brand I've not tried before: Multipower. Multipower are a little like Maximuslce in that they offer a vast assortment of sports foods for bodybuilders, regular exercisers/gym goers and endurance athletes alike. I've particularly got my eye on a shake Multipower do called which has 25g protein per serving but only 109 Calories and 2g of carbs. This is perfect for me as I plan to continue getting my carbs from my food as I don't really like to drink them!  I'm also keen to stock up with protein bars and Multipower also do a delicious looking and sounding protein bar with 9g of protein but only 112 Calories per bar. It's called a Carnitine Bar, which isn't the most glamorous of names, but hey, if it tastes good I'm not really fussed, especially as these flavours all sound divine... Chocolate-Crisp, Strawberry-Yogurt, Vanilla-Crisp (which has a white chocolate coating - my favourite!). I really hope they taste good and I don't end up with a box of disappointment like with Optimum Nutrition's Optimal Protein Diet Bar in peanut butter flavour, I have 13 of these left that I cannot bring myself to eat... the first taste is find but the aftertaste is just horrid! I'd also really like to try Multipower's RTD 'Fitness Shake' as there's only 13g carbs but a massive 25g protein per shake... plus no mixing for lazy short-on-time people like me! :-) Anyway, I need to head off now and have dinner and work on my bikini design :-) More shortly, hope you're all well TJx 
RESULTS... Hey everyone, not been on here for a while so thought i'd up date on my recent MRI results. I had an MRI on 10th December 2012 and the results show subtle growth.  I don't know as yet what comes next as i am now awaiting my appointment to see my oncologist.﻿
WEEKLY WEIGH IN! This week has been an eye opener and a fantastic week on plan! I'm currently sat on the sofa, in my onesie watching Family Guy on ITV2 whilst writing this blog to say how proud I am with myself! Before going on my holiday, I was disappointed with my 1.5lb loss as I had gone under my target range. I had followed the plan and my consultant told to increase my healthy extra b to support and maintain my weight. (Unfortunately this didn't work!) Many people have said that I should enjoy myself more and have a takeaway or a big slice of cake! In reality I couldn't, because mentally I was worried about having a gallstone attack if I had a little treat. I haven't had an attack for over a month and I'm due for surgery soon to have my gallbladder removed. I thought why not have a treat on holiday and worry later if I had an attack. Coming home I was straight back onto plan and enjoyed plenty of speed and free food. After my weekly weigh in this week I gained 2.5lb which put me back into my target. Now people were a little confused when I was smiling for putting on but once I told them my situation they sympathised and asked how my week had been. Since coming back off holiday, I have stuck to plan and decreased my healthy extra b back to one to help lose my holiday weight. It was successful! I am now facing the difficult choice of increasing my healthy extra b back up to two as I'm back at target and want to maintain my weight. (Are you at target, if so what do you do?) I hope you've all had a great week this week and are focusing on the week ahead. I know I am! Hayley xxx
19TH BIRTHDAY HAIR AND MAKEUP Now you may or may not know but last Thursday (23rd October) was my 19th birthday and therefore I thought I would post what I did with my hair and makeup! Considering my birthday celebrations went from day to night I decided to do something that would fit for both times of day. My makeup was just all neutral, incorporating pink and gold . Unfortunately the pictures are not showing the warmth and deep rose gold or the crazy, fantastic glitter from my MAC pressed pigment but it is showing the general look! I decided to curl my hair with GHD straighteners as I know, for me, this is as quick as straightening. I went for beachy waves, however at the moment I am using a Primark mini jaw clip to clip up the front sections of my hair. This is just due to the fact that whilst my ear piercings are still healing I'm desperately trying to not get my hair caught! (Showering is difficult I tell you!) Products used: (From left to right) MAC: Expensive Pink Eyeshadow (Bottom Left of Palette) - Used on lid MAC: Embark Eyeshadow (Bottom Right of Palette) - Used in crease MAC: Blonde Streak Pressed Pigment Used on lid - This is so incredibly glittery! MAC: Hue Lipstick MAC: This and That Eyeshadow - Cream colour - Used as inner corner highlight Rimmel: Wassup Eyeshadow - Used in crease Urban Decay: Half Baked Eyeshadow - Used on lid Grimas: 892 Lipliner Above with flash. Above without flash. Taken on phone to try and show warmth.  Pin on Pinterest Hope you enjoyed this look!  I'm a bit gutted that you can't see the full amazing impact the eye makeup look made! Love El xxx
Review: A Torch Against the Night by Sabaa Tahir Summary: A Torch Against the Night takes readers into the heart of the Empire as Laia and Elias fight their way north to liberate Laia’s brother from the horrors of Kauf Prison. Hunted by Empire soldiers, manipulated by the Commandant, and haunted by their pasts, Laia and Elias must outfox their enemies and confront the treacherousness of their own hearts. In the city of Serra, Helene Aquilla finds herself bound to the will of the Empire’s twisted new leader, Marcus. When her loyalty is questioned, Helene finds herself taking on a mission to prove herself—a mission that might destroy her, instead. - Add to GoodReads Publication date: 08/09/16 (UK) An Ember in the Ashes was one of my favourite books of 2015 - it absolutely blew me away with its complex characters, sizzling romance, and world building. I have been eagerly anticipating the sequel ever since, so I was beyond excited when I was kindly sent a copy for review from the publisher. Having read it I can say without a doubt that it is a brilliant follow up that does not suffer from middle book syndrome! I have to admit that I wasn't the biggest fan of Helene in An Ember in the Ashes. She did, however, win me over in A Touch Against the Night. I think that getting her POV helped a lot. It made me understand and sympathise with her more. Being Emperor Marcus's Blood Shrike meant she had to make some tough decisions and I really felt for her. A new character, Harper, a member of the Black Guard, was introduced and man was I intrigued by him. We learn little titbits about him, but not much so he's still a bit of a mystery. I especially enjoyed his interactions with Helene, and I'm not going to lie, I was shipping them. Elias and Laia are also tested in A Torch Against the Night. Their journey to Kauf is not an easy one, and they go through a lot physically and emotionally. The character development is really well done; I like them both even more than I did in the first book if that's possible. Although Laia is not able to fight in the same way as Helene, she still manages to hold her own. She has a quiet strength and determination which I find really admirable. Elias is faced with dark times in ATaTN, but his strength and unwillingness to give up never wavers. Elias and Laia made quite the duo; I appreciated the fact that they told each other the whole truth, and didn't keep anything back. It can be annoying when two characters, who are in a sticky situation, could have avoided the whole thing had they communicated better. I was majorly shipping Elias and Laia in An Ember in the Ashes, but I did have one problem with the romance in the first book: the love triangles. I really dislike them, so the Helene/Elias/Laia and Elias/Laia Keenan triangle frustrated me to no end. I felt like with Helene and Elias there was a missed opportunity to create this amazing platonic relationship between a female and male character. As for Laia, her feelings for Keenan seemed to come out of nowhere; it just didn't make any sense to me. Suffice to say that the love triangle had me worried what direction the romance would take in the sequel. Having read A Torch Against the Night I am *highlight to read spoiler* happy that the Keenan/Elias/Laia triangle was resolved, and only hope now that the Elias/Laia/Helene triangle won't appear in the third book, because it wasn't really present in this one. There were a few swoony Elias/Laia moments in ATaTN that I absolutely loved. The tension and chemistry between the two was just perfect. A Torch Against the Night offers more everything: violence, action, plot twists, and deaths. Oh my gosh, the deaths! *cries* The ending left me feeling ALL THE FEELS and begging for book three. The wait is definitely going to be excruciating! Rating:
Jemma Kidd Dewy Radiance Creme | Review firstly - can i get a boohoo for jemma kidd going into administration? this is the saddest news ever! (in the beauty world, at least) i havent been a JK fan for long but my loyalty to the brand has been built up quickly! i know the light as air foundation is a beauty blogger favourite but as it is notoriously hard to get rid of now, i will be doing a quick review on the dewy glow all over radiance creme! (still available - grab it whilst you can! its amazing!) i have this product in the shade 'iced gold', a golden toned highlight as opposed to its 2nd shade 'rose gold' which is more pink toned. this product is essentially a creme highlighter but can be used all over the face to provide a glow and/or on the body to create highlight and definition. i apply this using a screenface dual fibre brush and just sweep it over my cheeks before i apply my setting powder. it can be used with or without a base underneath but i only tend to use it when i have foundation on, to give an extra glow to the skin. this product retails at around £18 so if you can find it anywhere - stock up before it flies off the shelves! i cannot believe JK has gone into administration - i am a huge fan of their creme products including the highlighter and blush. not to mention the thousands of girls now without a foundation! GOD FORBID! did you guys have any favourite jemma kidd makeup school products? emma xo
Time to plant seeds! What should we plant in February and March? Day 1, parsley and thyme Day 22, parsley and thyme Hello everyone! Although it may not be spring officially yet, the outside tells us different! Nature is slowly waking up, so this is the best time to plant seeds. They say "What you plant you harvest" so make sure you make it right.  What herbs should I plant?  Let's see. The most common herbs people use in kitchen are parsley, basil, thyme, oregano and dill. Guess what! You can plant them now. All of them are heat loving so make some space at home and by the time it's warm enough outside, you can have little plants ready for your outside garden. You can plant them indoors as well, just like me and other people who don't have garden.  How to plant seeds:  You need: seeds, light, water, proper soil (I buy special soil mix for herbs) and some plastic containers or flowerpots (one for each kind of seeds) 1) fill the containers with soil, let 3 cm space on top 2) sprinkle the soil with water and according to instructions on the each packet plant the seeds (especially mind the depth and distance between them) 3) put 1-2 cm of soil (the bigger plant is going to grow, the more soil you put) on top and slightly sprinkle with water again. 4) let it grow on a sunny place and every 2 days sprinkle with water. Remember, seeds take some time to grow :) Tip: Have you heard about Community gardens? A community garden is a single piece of land gardened collectively by a group of people. They could be small areas where people grow small plots of vegetables, to large "greening" projects to preserve natural areas, to tiny street beautification planters on urban street corners. Some grow only flowers, others are nurtured communally and their bounty shared. It can be a great way to meet new people and make some friends with mutual hobby. It could be a solution for those who don´t have a garden of their own (most likely people in big cities). In most cases, gardeners are expected to pay annual dues to help with garden upkeep, and the organization must manage these fees. The tasks in a community garden are many, including upkeep, mulching paths, recruiting members, and fund raising. There could be a lot of fun, too. Community meetings, support, and romantic bonfires where you can "hear the veggies grow" in the night.   
Henry VIII HENRY TUDOR Born: 28 June 1491 (Age 18) Occupation: King of England Lives: In lots of palaces all over London Hobbies and Interests: Jousting, hunting, dancing, reading, music, lay-dees Relationship status: It’s complicated What do we know about Henry VIII? Henry VIII is probably one of England’s most famous monarchs (another word for king or queen). When you mention his name, almost anyone can picture a bearded, round-bellied monarch in his feathered hat and finery.  They can probably also tell you that Henry had six wives. Was Henry fat? Henry was a very sporty young man when he became King at the age of 18 in 1509 following the death of his father, Henry VII.  He enjoyed hunting, often wearing out eight horses in one day, and also loved dancing, jousting and wrestling.  He was very tall for a man during the Tudor period.  Historians think he could have been around 6 foot 3. Unfortunately, Henry also had a huge appetite. When he was 44, his horse rolled on him during a jousting tournament, leaving his leg permanently damaged.  He wasn’t able to exercise anymore, but he kept eating, and as a consequence he got very fat.  By the end of his life he weighed about 20 stone and had a 52 inch waist. (That’s about the length of this fish) Did he have six wives? Henry did indeed have six wives.  But not all at the same time.  Even the King of England wasn’t allowed to do that. Introducing...the six wives of Henry VIII! So, what else do we know about Henry? Henry was born in 1491, the second son of Henry VII and Elizabeth of York.  Whilst his older brother Arthur was paraded around as the future heir, Henry lived a much more sheltered life and was a bit of a mummy's boy.  Growing up, Henry had a tutor who taught him languages, maths, music and poetry.  He also had a fool to entertain him when he got bored. DANCE FOOL ! Henry also had a whipping boy.  This was a servant employed purely to be whipped when Henry was naughty, because no one was allowed to hit the little prince. Hands up who wants that job? When Arthur died in 1502, at the age of 15, shortly followed by Elizabeth in 1503, King Henry VII went crazy with grief, while his son, young Prince Henry, was left feeling a tad unloved.  When Henry VIII became king he promptly reversed most of his father's policies and executed his favourite servants.  Daddy issues much? Henry was a very popular prince when he became king, known for his love of dancing and hunting. He also had an eye for the ladies and very quickly got special permission from the Pope to marry his brother's widow, Catherine of Aragon. Henry was obsessed with having a son and heir to succeed him.  When Catherine was only able to produce a daughter, Mary (which of course had nothing to do with Henry, or, y'know, maybe just bad luck), Henry started eyeing up one of Catherine's ladies-in-waiting, Anne Boleyn. (A lady-in-waiting was a bit like a personal assistant - they opened post, looked after the Queen's wardrobe and kept her up to date on all the latest gossip.) Unfortunately for Henry, being a Catholic meant he wasn't really allowed to get divorced. Since the Pope wouldn't let Henry divorce his wife, he threw his toys out the pram and set up his own church instead - the Church of England. Henry is quite famous for having founded the Church of England, but in reality it wasn't until his daughter Elizabeth I came to the throne that the church really began to take off.  All Henry really did was knock down lots of monastries and steal their gold. It was Henry's third wife, Jane Seymour, who finally gave him the son he so badly wanted.  Edward VI was born in 1537 and Jane died from complications following the birth a few days later.  Henry always said that Jane was his favourite because she had given him a son, and he was buried next to her when he died on 28 January 1547 at the age of 55. Henry was also a very clever King.  He was good at maths, knew a lot about astronomy and was very interested in politics.  He was also very cultured - he read widely and kept a library of over 1000 books, as well as playing, and some say composing, music. However, he has also been described as an overgrown child who was prone to tantrums if he didn't get his own way.  This made him very scary as, more often than not, the King's temper tantrums resulted in someone getting their head chopped off. Why is he so famous? Henry was quite a colourful character.  Which is another way of saying he was off his rocker!  He also remembered for his six wives (not many men have that many) and for his role in breaking away from the Catholic church and founding the Church of England.  He was a physically dominant man whose image is instantly recognisable and lots of historians have spent a lot of time studying Henry's reign as King of England. Sound smart! "Henry VIII spent a week blubbering in public when he found out his fifth wife, Catherine Howard, had cheated on him." "Henry VIII executed more people per year than any other king or queen in English history - he had 330 people killed between 1532 and 1540!" "Some of the most important achievements of Henry VIII's reign include: the creation of the Church of England, bigging up the role of Parliament, joining Wales and Ireland with England, the arrival of lots of new and exciting art and literature and building A LOT of castles." Some other fun sources An interesting but fun website dedicated the Henry VIII and the Tudors The BBC history page on Henry VIII has some fun facts, as well as videos and games And finally, what else?
I grew up around Camels. In fact, my mother use to race them. Quite a unique hobby to have, yes. I always felt special, because nobody else's mothers raced Camels. Well not at my school anyway. Our house was full of Camel "things". Ornaments, pictures, rugs, tea towels, table clothes, lamp shades - all sorts of things. It is still a tradition of mine, that every year on my mothers birthday and christmas, I give her a gift something to do with Camels. So I naturally have a soft spot for them. I am very drawn to the desert. I love her harshness and her softness, that she portrays. Much like a woman with great strength, yet has a vulnerable side. I dream of trekking through the desert with these giant beauties. Maybe it's my desire to find my own strength again. To push myself to the limits. To feel again. To appreciate. To feel alive again. Tonight my husband and I went to rent a movie, where I came across the trailer of the new movie called "Tracks" - a true story of Robyn Davidson, a young woman who in 1977 undertook a solo trek across the Australian Outback. My heart sung, as I watched the trailer. Once again thinking this is something I want to achieve in my lifetime. Hence the inspiration behind my blog today.
Burrendong Ridgecrest Camp NSW Friday 5th July  We are currently at Burrendong Ridgecrest Camp (see photos) - a Kid's Kamp was still going when we arrived, so haven't seen too much of Chris or Lynette yet, but it has just finished and the parents are collecting the kids as I write. The view from up here is magnificent - the Dam and Lake on one side, and hills and mountains from the other sides. We are here until Monday when we leave for home. View from Ridgecrest Burrendong Camping Area Burrendong Dam and Lake Burrendong Lake From Ridgecrest ... towards Orange Sunday 8th July  Got up this morning, opened the door of the caravan and looked straight at this beautiful sunrise over Burrendong Lake...... Sunrise over Burrendong Dam .....then a little later the mist started to rise off the waters near the dam. Mist rising from Burrendong Dam Yesterday I spent most of the day working with the volunteers here on a retaining wall that they are building so as they can put in a Jumping Pillow for the kids when they come on camp. It is being built close to the edge of a very steep fall off that has to be reinforced and it is hard, slightly dangerous, labour. We started at 8am had a short stop for morning tea and lunch and back into it, by 3pm I was zonked out, so I had to excuse myself, but Ps Chris and the others kept on going until 6pm - volunteering can sometimes be harder than working! Your Mum even came down and did a bit, but she has been having quite a bit of back pain (all the sitting in the car) lately, so she had to take it easy. Tuesday  9th July Tuesday 9th July After staying at Denman Caravan Park we arrived home today. We travelled roughly 16,500 Kms around Australia.
Farewell to 2014, Hello 2015 2014 has been a hard year, with a week-long hospital stay early on and then weeks of serious illness in June, difficulties with the boys (teens and menopause are an insane mix), and continued financial difficulties. Good points have been the prospect of improving interpersonal difficulties through outside help we started accessing a couple of months ago, quilting retreats (always a good way to re-energise) and, as a result of my illnesses, discovering who our 'friends in action' are - those who stepped up and put their good wishes into actions when we needed help.  Made new friends, and discovered old ones. The boys enjoyed St John's Cadets (David, now 16, and his Division winning the State Drill Team award), Scouts (James, now 15, will be moving up to Venturers beginning this year) and archery, and Blake (now 11) enjoyed soccer, inline skating, wave-boarding, scooters, parkour and fishing.  John became active with the CFS, working on their Incident Command Vehicle, and he's done a great job (finally) in getting our small yard planted into a producing vegetable patch. http://sapa.asn.au/ 2015 is off to a rocky start, but plans are to fight against fatigue and pain and get the boys to as many Catholic events as possible (unfortunately most are down town so it will be an ongoing strain on health and finances).  The idea is to connect the boys with people their own ages who are fired up about their faith so that the boys don't see it as boring or irrelevant. David will be going away for 10 days in January for a Summer School of Evangelisation in Melbourne - his first big trip away!  Will have to offload some excess jewellery to find the money but I know it will be well worth it. http://www.summerschool.org.au/index.php I'll be off on a 3 1/2 day quilting retreat around the same time - it's a 'charity quilts' retreat at which we'll only be working on quilts that will be donating to charitable causes, e.g. heart kids, fire/flood victims, etc.  Sooooo looking forward to it.  I'm also planning to make a serious dent in my PhDs during the holidays and through the year. http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-KOv7CbHYs18/UIl8RuxercI/AAAAAAAAB2w/XrdV8Oyzhxc/s400/202169470742578342_pag7INtl_c.jpg I've lots of ideas to do with the family this year - scheduled 'friends for dinner' days so the boys get to have friends over and include them in our family dinners, more structured outdoor activities like archery, cooking demonstrations & classes, parkour, fishing and beach days, etc (booked into my diary so they actually happen!). Also plan to get more involved in community activities - might even take up the ukulele!