Diet!! I've just been reading a fellow bloggers writing on how she's losing weight. I'm thinking this is something I must do too. Now that I have 3 grandchildren I need to be fit to play with them and at the moment I'm just so full of aches and pains. My one shoulder and arm hurts such a lot, I'm waiting to go for physio which may take up to 10 weeks for the appointment so I'm thinking a bit of exercise may work, nothing too strenuous mind you maybe start with doing more walking. I most definitely need to diet - or is that the wrong word - maybe I just need to eat more healthy, if I do that then surely the weight will come off too. So that's my new days resolution, more salads and veg and not as much biscuits and sweets. I'll let you know how I get on.
Melted Snowman cookies I can across a recipe for melted snowman cookies while surfing the internet. Theres was incredibly complicated and used ingredients Id personally probably never buy. I saw on another site that they had modified it some and made it simpler but to me it still took longer then I care to take baking cookies. So I searched some more and found an even simpler method which I then took and deconstructed to fit my needs and below is the recipe Ive come up with. I hope you enjoy and please leave a comment if you try them.  Melted Snowman Cookies ----------------------- Items needed Marshmallows Icing Food coloring or colored icing pens Sugar Cookies 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon baking soda 1/2 teaspoon baking powder 1 cup butter, softened 1 1/2 cups white sugar 1 egg 1 teaspoon vanilla extract  Preheat oven to 375F degrees. In a small bowl, stir together flour, baking soda, and baking powder. Set aside. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Gradually blend in the dry ingredients. Take a nice chunk of dough and form it into a puddle shape (sloppy circle). Bake 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden. Let stand on cookie sheet two minutes before removing to cool on wire racks.   While the cookies are baking prepare your favorite icing recipe. After removing the cookies from the oven ice them with the white frosting. It will drip over the edges and look sloppy but thats the look you want. Let them cool completely before finishing decorating.Once they are cooled. Depending on how many cookies you have place marshmallows on the a microwave safe plate and microwave 10-20 seconds. You want the marshmallows to flatten slightly in their centers. With pam sprayed fingers quickly transfer the melted marshmallows onto the cookie. As they cool they should stick to the cookie.   Lastly comes the decorating. You can choose to color the remainder of the frosting you made earlier with food dye or buy those nifty little frosting pens. Make some eyes,carrot nose and a smile on the marshmallow head and draw a simple tie on the cookie body and thats it your done. You can embelish them more if you like or make them even simpler if you choose. You could also use pre made sugar cookie dough and just complete the rest of the steps as described.   These will be cute for the Holidays or just as a winter treat. I hope you enjoy them as I do!
CELEBRATING A GRADUATION Sometimes it's nice to really celebrate life's important moments. Year after year, we find ourselves just quietly observing the milestones; birthdays (maybe we just don't want to admit we are slowly getting older though), major exams passed, work promotions, personal goals achieved, starting new jobs...it goes on. Don't you ever wish you had some nice memories of them to look back on? So as much as KT insisted it was "not a big deal" since she has been out of uni for some time, it was only proper that we celebrated her official graduation properly! ^^ Getting ready in the auditorium bathroom  ^^ The flowers were so pretty I had to steal them for a photo ^^ Ash arrives after a day at hospital ^^ Possibly my favourite photo, ever?! This day was a happy one. In fact, I think these may have to be some of my favourite photos taken yet. I had forgotten to bring my lens hood but I think I like the lens flare! The beautiful flowers, people, lighting and joyous occasion definitely helped though. It made playing around with some new colour curves so fun. OK no more boring photography speak... After watching the ceremony, taking a few hundred (!) photos, many failed and successful hat tosses and the arrival of some more friends we called it a day and went to have brunch. KT then rushed home for her eyelash extension appointment, presumably so they'd be all fresh for her US trip that she was jetting off to the next day. In her words: Oh, life! Congratulations, girl- can't wait to celebrate the next milestone!
If you'd told me a year ago that by the time July rolled around again, I'd be going to camp as a counselor, well . . . I probably wouldn't have believed you. I'm an introvert—we don't like stepping out and doing new things, especially where there's people involved. So when my sister asked me a couple months ago (okay, no, begged is more like it) to be a counselor at camp, well . . . my initial reaction was no way. No way was I going to go ride herd on a bunch of kids. No way was I going to sleep in a room with 10 other people (not to mention share one bathroom with that many). No way was I going to put that much responsibility on myself when the only remotely similar thing I'd done before was vacation Bible school at church with about 20 kids total. But something kept me from outright telling her no. I put it off: "You know that's not my thing." "I don't want to." "What's it worth to ya?" "I'd need more information about it first." And I was convinced that stalling long enough would eventually put me past the deadline and it'd be too late to send in my form. Smart, right? I wickedly kept her hopes up (or we could say I was polite and didn't tell her no right away), and impatiently waited for that deadline to arrive. And then I prayed about it. You know when sometimes, God tells you to do things that you really don't wanna do? Yeah. The more I prayed about it, the more I felt Him telling me to go to camp. And I wasn't really thrilled with Him at the moment. So I talked to someone about it, asked questions, and was given the form. And I went to camp this past week. I was slightly freaked out; I didn't know what I was doing; what if I did something completely wrong? I was the only counselor for 10 junior high girls; what if they would constantly try to bend the rules? I hated being around crowds; what if all the people freaked me out? I was a picky eater; what if we always had food that I didn't like? (Yes, that last one is totally a legit fear) So, I'm not going to go into detail and describe every detail about the week. Because that would take forever. BUT. Let's just say that it was both worst and better than I expected. But I will give you some  highlights. -My first night there, I met a lady who happened to be the sister-in-law of a pastor in our area. -Said lady (Sara) happened to be a counselor in the cabin adjoining mine, along with another lady, and they both kinda took me under their wings. -I became super homesick and overwhelmed (I've never even been to camp as a camper before, y'all!) and Sara sweetly offered to trade places with one of my campers. -The food was amazing. Like, no complaints. -All the girls in my cabin were epic. I never had to worry about any of them trying to sneak one past me, or about them being anywhere they weren't supposed to be. -There were so many things to keep all the kids occupied, we were rarely all grouped together at the same time. What are some things I learned this week? Well . . . -Going for a week without social media is completely doable. Don't freak out about it, peeps. -Energizers (Star Trekking, anyone?) are so. much. FUN. -Counselors learn just as much during chapel as the kids. -Checking your emails after a week can be overwhelming. -Carpet ball is actually addictive. -I like bananas . . . I know that mangos are sweet . . . (c'mon, ya'll, if you know what I'm talking about, let me know!!) -I never want to go another week without reading more that three pages. -There's nothing like praising the Creator through amazing music with a hundred other people. MORAL OF THE STORY: When God tells you to do something, just do it. Even if you don't know why, and you're still not sure why it happened after it's over. Because everything is for a purpose, even if you don't know what that purpose is. He will work through your fear, and He'll work through your happiness. He will work through your tears, and He will work through your smiles. He will work through the rain, and He will work through the sunshine. Trust Him. In the right conditions, mustard seeds grow to be trees that withstand anything. Water your faith, surround yourself with the right conditions, and watch it grow. (I can't take credit for those lines, though . . . Pastor Bob's messages were pretty epic.) Do it even when you don't want to, even when it's painful. Because your trust and faith in Him grow best when you're not in your comfort zone. Do I know why God called me to go to camp? Not really. Maybe it was so I could give hugs to homesick girls. Maybe it was simply to stretch myself. Maybe it was for a reason that I'll never know about. But whatever the reason—I'm glad I went. It was an experience I won't soon forget. Will I go back next year? God only knows. I have to admit that camp wasn't really my thing. But sometimes God calls us to do things that we aren't comfortable doing. And that's when we need to take that leap of faith and just do it.
Holiday Time! I just realized it's been too long since I've posted here.  But I didn't want to pass up the chance to post on 12-12-12, the last symmetrical date we will ever see in our lifetimes!  And it's happening right in the thick of holiday time, with Hanukkah underway, Christmas very close, and the end of the year within sight as well.   I absolutely love Christmastime.  And though I haven't been as diligent about my exercising as I would like, at least I have not abandoned it altogether.  If I can even go to the gym once a week between now and the end of Christmastime (in our house, January 6 is the last day of Christmastime), I'll consider it a success.  Though I haven't really lost any weight since we got back from Ireland in early November, I also haven't gained any - I'll take that, thank you very much.  I know for a lot of people, the time between Thanksgiving and New Year's Day is when they lose their motivation, time, and desire to remember to stay healthy.  It's so easy to do, since even if you don't go crazy with parties and celebrations, there's usually something on your calendar that keeps you running around.  I'm doing better this year than I have for quite a few years, and it's actually making me more thoughtful about eating and exercising.  I grab some steps whenever I can at work, and on days when the weather cooperates, I try to walk around the block at least during lunchtime, or take the slightly longer route walking home.  I haven't made myself give up any goodies, but I try to not eat as much and/or have a smaller meal next time.  I enjoy this time of year too much to become a martyr.  And tomorrow, I have my annual mammogram.  I don't look forward to it, but I know it's necessary, and have been fortunate to have been able to avoid even more drastic measures down the road since my cancer was caught early.  Every year, I think my luck is gonna be up again, but so far I've had a good report each time.  Hopefully tomorrow will be the same result.  In the meantime, I'll be right here, enjoying myself.  Why don't you do the same???
Ironman, I am not I think I was having visions of grandeur.  I had a little pep in my step yesterday and was getting things crossed off my to do list.  I promised myself last week I would follow through with my cross training and abs.  Tuesday, I barely got my abs in but I did do them.  So Wednesday comes and, like I said I was highly motivated, I decided to go to a one hour spin class at my gym. [love love love spin class] That was from noon to one.  I got home and new I needed to get my run in before the ladies got out of school, otherwise it might not get done due to dinner having to be made, a quick grocery run, dance practice for Miss J and a mandatory vegan baking fest for me.  I almost didn't run because in between all that, I needed to eat!  Green monster down and out I went.  Mistake number two.  I really didn't want to run right after having eaten but I figured I had get out there.  Hello side cramps!!  Let's head back to mistake number one, not allotting my self enough time.  I was down to the wire.  I had only 45 minutes to get a 42 min run in.  That had to include the driving time back to the house.  High five to myself, I got it done and met Miss R right after she had gotten off the bus.  That messed with my focus because I was worried about getting home on time.  Mistake number three, spin class then less than an hour later, run.  For some, this may be nothing but for this lady, legs felt like I was running through sand!  All of my lower body was feeling it.  I was wanting to quit the whole time. Enter the self talk.  I knew a yucky run was inevitable, I had been having way too many good ones.  I kept thinking, I hate running!!! success is hanging on when you want to let go.  I had to analyze what I was doing/did wrong and what I could learn from it.  See mistakes one through three.   Don't eat so close to running Run before spin class or other classes Make enough time for a run so I don't have worries about being somewhere.  I can just focus on the run. Most importanly....Schedule/plan better! Lessons learned.  This is the life of a running, working, full-time mom. 
WHY STUDENTS SHOULD CONSIDER SUPPORTING THE STRIKE Should University students be conflicted over lecturers’ being on strike and cancelling classes? The point of being a student is to be able to engage in wider debate, look at the bigger picture and analyse issues that are beyond our individual concerns. But in an age where so much stress is placed on getting a good education as a route to a good job many students, like me, are panicking over missing lectures for two weeks with exams looming in two months’ time. An opportunity to discover the wider debate about the strike presented itself yesterday when I turned up for a seminar. I had spent hours preparing for this lesson. At the entrance to university, I was stopped by two lecturers, pictured above, who asked me not to cross the picket line and to lend my support to the strike. I took the opportunity to speak to them. They explained how lecturers often accept lower salaries for the promise of long-term financial security in the form of pensions. This is a deal which they accept over a lifetime. So when pensions are axed it makes the career choice much less financially viable.  If lecturers are seen as being treated unfairly who, as one of the professors said, would consider becoming a lecturer among current and future students?  Academia becomes a rather unattractive choice as a career and current lecturers are likely to search for alternative employment. The penny dropped for me. Students need to realise that this strike not only affects lecturers but also has serious repercussions in the long-term for the future of higher education in this country. Channel 4's Dispatches programme entitled 'Britain's University Spending Scandal' highlighted to me the disproportionate spending of vice-chancellors on expenses. Obscene amounts were spent purchasing mugs, pillows, expensive wine and lavish dinners. There was even the ridiculous case of the University of Surrey spending more than £1600 on relocating their vice-chancellor's dog. Why should lecturer's take cuts to their pensions, which form their financial security, when universities refuse to prioritise their salaries?  It seems that it's not the case that universities do not have the resources to support lecturers' pension but that they refuse to be responsible and fair with their spending. Universities pay ridiculously high salaries to vice-chancellors while lecturers face cuts. Take, for example, Bath University who paid the vice-chancellor almost half a million last year.  It is the same old tired situation of those at the top earning disproportionately large salaries whilst claiming it is necessary to cut pay to employees. I have always wholeheartedly supported the right to strike and I now am convinced that students do have a responsibility to consider supporting this strike. It should also be noted that the demands the strikers are making force universities to consider students as being more than mere consumers. Education is being monetised in a seriously debilitating manner. It is important that we are viewed as integral and valued members of university otherwise universities view us merely as financial pawns and our concerns will only ever be tackled from a financial perspective. Education is a public service. Lecturers provide a public service. Educated students and lecturers contribute to the skills demands of the country.  Lecturers who are on strike are not the enemy. We need to move closer to a more beneficial and fairer system of education.
Competition countdown - 5 days to go! Well hello there! See, I told you I wouldn't abandon you again (at least not just yet! ;-) ) Weight Well, I'm 5 days away from the UKBFF Stars of Tomorrow 2010 competition and I'm starting to get rather excited. This is mainly due to my phenomenal weight loss over the last couple of weeks which I can only attribute to help from the fabulous guidance from the gorgeous and talented Vikkie Krzyzanowski. If you've not visited http://bikinifitness.co.uk/ yet you really need to get yourself over there! Basically, 2 weeks ago I was feeling pretty fed up and bordering on desperate. Although I was losing weight, it was fluctuating so much that anything I lost was going back on, my weight graph was a total zig-zag! As well as logging my weight training and cardio routines on my iFitness app, I've also been logging my weight on so to give you an idea, here's my weigh-ins (not regular) from 9th to 27th October: 09/10/2010 - 150.0lbs (67.5kg) 13/14/2010 - 148.8lbs (67.0kg) 15/10/2010 - 148.6lbs (67.4kg) 16/10/2010 - 146.8lbs (66.6kg) 18/10/2010 - 148.6lbs (67.1kg) 19/10/2010 - 148.0lbs (67.1kg) 20/10/2010 - 147.2lbs (66.8kg) 24/10/2010 - 146.6lbs (66.5kg) 25/10/2010 - 147.4lbs (66.9kg) 27/10/2010 - 148.6lbs (67.4kg)  I was so demotivated and when Vikkie emailed to ask how my competition prep was going, I expressed my sheer frustration and concern at not being able to drop enough pounds before the show! So she took some details from me and put together a special bespoke diet plan for me which included how meal ingredients, properties (amounts of protein, fat, calories etc), frequency and quantity too - what a star! To say that this diet plan had a dramatic effect on my weight loss would be somewhat of an understatement. I think the figures speak for themselves: 29/10/2010 - 148.0lbs (67.1kg) 30/10/2010 - 147.2lbs (66.8kg) 31/10/2010 - 146.2lbs (66.3kg) 02/11/2010 - 147.2lbs (66.8kg) 04/11/2010 - 145.8lbs (66.1kg) 06/11/2010 - 144.6lbs (65.6kg) 07/11/2010 - 144.0lbs (65.3kg) 09/11/2010 - 143.6lbs (65.1kg) Although this might not seem a great deal of weight lost, you need to appreciate that my weight has fluctuated between 146lbs and 150lbs for the past year now, at one point even going up to 153lbs which scared me somewhat! I think my lowest weight was around 145/6lbs when I did the Dukan Diet for a couple of weeks before realising that if I kept it up I might lose my health as well as my mind! Also please bear in mind that I've managed to achieve this weight loss while still eating around 13,000 + Calories a day comprised of at least 6 small meals... I'm basically eating every 2 hours and finding that it really suits me and has helped to shrink my stomach too :-) I won't give away *too* much info on the diet as it has been specifically tailored for my needs so if you want one of your own you'd have to contact Vikki yourself :-) Progress So, here's me on Saturday. I thought I should practice some poses for the contest. Unfortunately I find this difficult as I have an ankle injury - an Osteochondral Defect which is due surgery and the position of which means that when I put my foot into certain position - e.g. when wearing high heels - it 'catches' and hurts like hell!! I was due to have this operated on 2 days after my competition but the stress caused by mountains of work and the fact that we're *still* having building work carried out in our bedroom, meant that I just would not be able to convalesce in peace - I've been told I need around 2 weeks of total rest with my ankle elevated at all times! I think I also get crutches and a funny shoe to wear - cute! ;-) So now my operation is in January which is good as I get Christmas out of the way without having to work round a healing fragile ankle and that is just as well as we're having *both* sets of parents, plus Joe's older brother, round for the whole Christmas period! It's a good job we've got four bedrooms or I don't think we'd get everyone in! Anyway, I've gone a bit off track again so here's the pic I took on my rubbish phone while commandeering my son's bedroom as he was out at drama school. If anyone has teenage children you will appreciate what an unpleasant experience this was for me but I managed to crop most of the rubbish and junk out of the picture (I think!) and this was even after cleaning up the room a bit so I could walk to the full length mirrors without falling to my death on the array of junk that was strewn across the entire length of the room!! I'm quite pleased with how I look in this pic. Obviously I've still got a long way to go with leaning out my legs but these are my 'problem area' as I'm classically pear shaped... I find it incredibly difficult to lose weight on my legs or butt, the latter I'm not as concerned about because it has such a nice shape but I'd love it if my legs were slimmer - especially near the top. Anyway, I'm very pleased with my stomach right now as I've been doing a tonne of sit-ups, which I deplore!! I think working my abs is my least favourite thing, it just feels too much like hard work! ;-) Training Here's what I've been up to over the last couple of days Saturday 6th October I didn't get a chance to train so it was an enforced rest day that my body was probably quite glad of! I went out in the evening for a friend's birthday drinks and managed to stay off the booze and just drink diet coke and sparkling water. This was rather difficult given how merry everyone else was but I still had a great time and a bit of a boogie too. I can't hand on heart say I wouldn't have a had a *better* time had I drunk alcohol though ;-) Sunday 7th October I was meant to train for longer on Sunday but I literally ran out of time as was busy throughout the day so I thought I'd catch my old gym before it shut at 9pm. So I ran from our new place to the old gym and blasted out a super speedy leg session before running back. Run - 2.9km - 15 mins Leg Extension - 35kg - 3 x 10 reps Leg Curl - 35kg - 3 x 10 reps Leg Press - 80kg - 3 x 10 reps Run - 2.9km - 16 mins Monday 8th October As I'm so close to my competition, Vikkie has advised me to drop the weight and up the reps which is reflected below as I usually do a lot less with more weight: Spin Class - 45 mins Bent over dumbbell rows - 10kg - 4 x 15 reps Bent over reverse dumbbell flye - 4kg - 4 x 15 reps Lat pulldown - 35kg - 4 x 15 reps Low row - 35kg/30kg - 1/3 x 12/15 reps Tuesday 9th October Boxercise! :-D I love Tuesdays for this reason! I felt weak to start but my increased fitness levels started to kick in and I managed to complete the class without dying, which is always nice ;-)  Contest Prep Bikini I'm attempting to make a bikini... well, two, in time for the show, but I'm trying to be realistic and I do have a back-up in the form of the one in the picture which is the one I wore for FAME... it's about 10 years old, lol! But I do love it :-) Tanning I've bought some Jan Tana Ultra 1 which is a new Jan Tana produce and is apparently the darkest Posing Definitely need to work on that so will have to brave the painful heels between now and Sunday! Diet & Nutrition As until recently I hadn't trained much since May this year I had quite a lot of surplus Maximusle Promax protein powder to use up and, instead of doing my usual and just order a load more I thought I'd branch out and try a few other brands so have been ordering sample sachets from various places.  I really love USN's Pure Protein, the pistachio is nice and the strawberry is so close to a regular milkshake it's unreal. There is a slight synthetic after-taste I find but that might just be me as my sense of smell and taste-buds are super-sensitive. Vikkie recommended I finish the day with a protein shake containing Casein so I have been drinking MyProtein's 'Milk Protein Smooth' in chocolate smooth flavour which is definitely an acquired taste! The powder is also really messy and what I thought was a great idea - having it in pouches - is actually a pain because of the consistency of the powder - it goes *everywhere*!! However, it's really great stuff, it doesn't taste bad, just different to regular whey, and I must say I feel like I've slept better and woken up more refreshed every time I've taken it before bed. No dodgy stomach side-effects too which is always nice! I also really like MyProtein's Impact Whey protein in Strawberry Cream flavour. I wasn't too keen on many of the others, particularly raspberry - which is a shame as it's my favourite fruit! After the competition on Sunday I'm going to take a week off to let my body recover from the intense training and I plan to schedule a couple of cheat meals too!! ;-) After that I'm going to get straight back on it as the diet I've been on has really suited me in terms of the type and quantity of the food and the results I've achieved. I'm planning to up my carbohydrate content a little though and aim for a more gradual weight loss to take me up to January when I will have to scale back my food because my activity levels will drop significantly - to zero for a few weeks at least - once I have my operation! So I'm going to need a protein powder that supports my weighloss goals and also helps me preserve my muscle and I've found a brand I've not tried before: Multipower. Multipower are a little like Maximuslce in that they offer a vast assortment of sports foods for bodybuilders, regular exercisers/gym goers and endurance athletes alike. I've particularly got my eye on a shake Multipower do called which has 25g protein per serving but only 109 Calories and 2g of carbs. This is perfect for me as I plan to continue getting my carbs from my food as I don't really like to drink them!  I'm also keen to stock up with protein bars and Multipower also do a delicious looking and sounding protein bar with 9g of protein but only 112 Calories per bar. It's called a Carnitine Bar, which isn't the most glamorous of names, but hey, if it tastes good I'm not really fussed, especially as these flavours all sound divine... Chocolate-Crisp, Strawberry-Yogurt, Vanilla-Crisp (which has a white chocolate coating - my favourite!). I really hope they taste good and I don't end up with a box of disappointment like with Optimum Nutrition's Optimal Protein Diet Bar in peanut butter flavour, I have 13 of these left that I cannot bring myself to eat... the first taste is find but the aftertaste is just horrid! I'd also really like to try Multipower's RTD 'Fitness Shake' as there's only 13g carbs but a massive 25g protein per shake... plus no mixing for lazy short-on-time people like me! :-) Anyway, I need to head off now and have dinner and work on my bikini design :-) More shortly, hope you're all well TJx 
Life with One Eye At the beginning of 2017 I wrote a post sharing, ‘The Day I Lost My Sight’. I thank those for their questions and words of support, but there was one question asked by many readers:  “What’s it like living with vision in one eye?” This is a common question I get asked, as it’s a problem that many may never have to experience. In the beginning simple daily activities; reaching for a glass of water or shaking someone’s hand were a huge problem. This was due to the depth of field issue. My brain had to re wire itself in how it saw the world and how far away objects were.  Time went by when driving at night become an issue. I hear from older adults that they give up driving due to feeling unsafe on the road or those car headlights are too bright. I was 20 years old and had to give this up, something I’d worked hard to gain that gave me independence, but had to give up due to something I had no control over, Juvenile Arthritis. Another impact was that the world I see is darker than others as there’s only light entering one eye, rather than two. This means when in rooms with dimmed lighting it’s disorientating and I can become light headed and everything that’s part of that feeling. By far the biggest impact has been the risk of the condition that caused this in the first place, Uveitis affecting my left eye. If and when this happens, no one knows and what effect it will have on my life we will see at the time. But I never let any of this hold me back from achieving my life mission: “To change the way the world views Arthritis.”
Happy new in 2007 and everything hello everyone, I went to quiz games what hogwart are in house belong to I'm in Gryffindor (Yes) it from Harry Potter I love that game it was really fun, So what have you been doing you guys? I have been shopping with my firend trying on some Jeans and brought some white belt so yeah :) . and I had lunch at the McDonald and my firend had subway that it. Happy new Year everyone in 2007 :)  From Marissa xox
My Mission  Stressed but blessed  Under a mountain of work  Trying to dig myself out  Trying to find the end  Somehow forgetting  That this is my mission  This is my purpose  Every little project  Building into a greater plan  Sometimes it doesn't  Feel like that  But I have to remember  That I don't look at things  The way God does  And every little project  Every letter I write Is building on something  Bigger then I can see  Sorry this is so late, the internet here has been terrible.  
Too Blind To See It Verbing...  Look man I love you. I am in love with you but I do have knowledge that everything or in this case everyone ain't for you.  You broke my heart. I thought I was past that but I feel like I just been in mental rehab. Every time you walk back in my life and draw us closer saying everything that I wish my King would say, only to label us the title of being "friends".  The mockery of it all.  Every one says "He's gonna come back again". I say to them "He better not".  It's like you are my favorite dish that has proven to be unhealthy for me unless I substitute a few ingredients with something else.  It's like you don't think about how this push and pull method has an effect on me. I love you... a lot but I want you to STOP. You cannot be my best friend and in love with me too. You are not allowed to slip up and tell me you love me.  It's not fair to my heart!  It hurts!  It's hard to be around you and not have you yet I am too afraid to tell you to go away because I would lose a prayer partner and a great friend.  My temptation...  You are my temptation.  I pray to the Lord to lead me not into temptation.  I cannot deal with this. My mind is boggling with every trivial thing that you do. I need to focus... I need to heal... I need to be with just me.  You want me to need you only when it's convenient to you. You want me to want you but you do not want me to have you. Then, you want me to be perfect and to be perfect yourself.  I cannot live a lie any longer. We are not perfect. We will disappoint and upset each other and we will make each other smile and laugh. Until you realize this a thought of a relationship is worthless. If you never take a chance that's on you.  Just know I tried.  I always kept it real regardless if it meant you would be upset temporarily. As a friend, a best friend should.  One whom loves flows for you so deep she would go to the every part of this world to stay by your side...  as your Queen even if you are too blind to see it.
To the Woman These words I am about to read are dedicated to all women who are working to create a better world.  The Persian Poet Rumi once said that life is like being sent by a King to another country in order to carry out a particular task. The person sent may do a hundred other things in that country, but if he or she fails to fulfil the particular task he or she was charged with, it is as if nothing had been done.  To the woman who understood her task.  To the woman who looked at the road ahead of her, and knew that hers would be a difficult journey.  To the woman who did not attempt to make light of those difficulties, but, on the contrary, spoke out against them and made them clearly visible.  To the woman who made the lonely feel less alone, who fed those who hungered and thirsted for justice, who made the oppressor feel as bad as those he oppressed.  To the woman who always keeps her door open, her hands working, her feet moving.  The woman who personifies the verses of that other Persian Poet, Hafez, when he says:  Not even seven thousand years of joy can justify seven days of repression.  To the woman who is here tonight, may she be each and everyone of us, may he example spread, may she still have many difficult days ahead, so that she can complete her work, so that, for the generations to come, the meaning of 'injustice; will be found only in dictionary definitions and never in the lives of human beings.  And may she travel slowly, because her pace is the pace of change, and change, real change, always takes a very long time.  Written by Paul Cohelo
The Start! Yes, finally I have started this ridiculous and mind you long overdue aim of finally getting fit. The target is one year from now (to be exact 05/05/2012), I will have shed the three and a half stone, maintained not only the weight but the excercise habits that I plan to develop along the way. One year and no going back. So readers, if you are out there: I need your support and will very very very much be grateful if from now and then you could look in on me and ask me how I'm doing. I will answer and I will be here each and every day writing on my progress and letting you know how it all goes. One thing I won't be doing is probably sharing the name of the weight loss method because then it would just be free advertisement (and as although I am known at The Greenwich Gazette for my love all things free whether in giving or receiving I think this one would be too much even by my standards). I know it is a safe method of losing weight. Tried and tested. so I will refer to the weight loss plan as "The Plan" because ultimately that is what it is. Plain and simple. Tomorrow a new dawn begins and I look forward to where this journey will take me. I expect you to be there with me each and every step of the way. Thank you all in advance.
Burrendong Ridgecrest Camp NSW Friday 5th July  We are currently at Burrendong Ridgecrest Camp (see photos) - a Kid's Kamp was still going when we arrived, so haven't seen too much of Chris or Lynette yet, but it has just finished and the parents are collecting the kids as I write. The view from up here is magnificent - the Dam and Lake on one side, and hills and mountains from the other sides. We are here until Monday when we leave for home. View from Ridgecrest Burrendong Camping Area Burrendong Dam and Lake Burrendong Lake From Ridgecrest ... towards Orange Sunday 8th July  Got up this morning, opened the door of the caravan and looked straight at this beautiful sunrise over Burrendong Lake...... Sunrise over Burrendong Dam .....then a little later the mist started to rise off the waters near the dam. Mist rising from Burrendong Dam Yesterday I spent most of the day working with the volunteers here on a retaining wall that they are building so as they can put in a Jumping Pillow for the kids when they come on camp. It is being built close to the edge of a very steep fall off that has to be reinforced and it is hard, slightly dangerous, labour. We started at 8am had a short stop for morning tea and lunch and back into it, by 3pm I was zonked out, so I had to excuse myself, but Ps Chris and the others kept on going until 6pm - volunteering can sometimes be harder than working! Your Mum even came down and did a bit, but she has been having quite a bit of back pain (all the sitting in the car) lately, so she had to take it easy. Tuesday  9th July Tuesday 9th July After staying at Denman Caravan Park we arrived home today. We travelled roughly 16,500 Kms around Australia.
BUDGET-FRIENDLY COLLEGE MATERIALS Starting college this year? Back to school? Still hassling around for textbooks? One of many issues that most college students run into are expensive textbooks for class. While many go to the campus bookstore to buy them, the rest of us are looking for a more affordable outlet. Chegg. While Chegg does not have a physical store, they do have a website where you can order to buy or rent a textbook. If you sign up for their mailing list on their website, they email coupons of discounts and free shipping. The books they provide are more affordable whether you’re looking forward to buy or rent from them. On top of that, their customer service is reliable. Might want to hurry because classes start soon. Valore Books. As per Chegg, Valore Books provides affordable books — some may be cheaper or more expensive than the other, so it’s advisable to compare the sites to fit your budget better. Also signing up for their mailing list will assure some discounts of their own. And when you’re done with the semester, send the rented ones back or sell the books you bought right back to them.  College Book Renter. Another reliable and affordable site to buy, rent, or sell textbooks. eCampus. If you need another comparison, this would the one. One of the lowest prices I’ve come across so far. eBates. This doesn’t help your textbook needs necessarily, but if you’re a struggling college student, using eBates every time you shop online you will receive a check. Free money mailed out to you without any catches, who can refuse? UPromise. It’s a bit similar to eBates except the money goes straight to your college fund whether you’ve opened an account for it or not — it’s a great start. It’s not common to receive money just for shopping, so might as well seize the opportunity when it presents itself. Now that we’ve got the textbooks out of the way, that leaves back to school clothes and supplies. I have an eclectic taste, so if you’re not into urban styles, ignore the rest of this post. A few stores have launched their Fall lines, and everyone is already diving for some new clothes for the forthcoming fall season. Ever felt that you needed an assistant to help balance college life and personal life, but couldn’t afford one? Well, Fancy Hands has you covered. What’s Fancy Hands? It’s an internet savvy personal assisting service. No worries, you can trust founder Ted Roden to hire their most smart and savvy employees to complete every task you throw in their lap. Need to reschedule an appointment, email your manager or professor, book a hotel? They can take care of that for you. They can do any task that doesn’t involve the need of being present in person, so they unfortunately can’t FedEx a package for you. The best part of it is it’s wallet-friendly: $25 gets you 5 requests. While they take care of the smaller tasks for you, you can balance college and personal life without breaking a sweat.
I am OFFICIALLY horrible at writing blog entries! So I have to update this blog HARDCORE- which I will do...I hope. I have to tell about both of my Sydney trips and my field trip to Orpheus Island....and update on the skull project and school here. I've been swamped with a lot of work recently so I guess thats why I've not kept this up...and obviously having a lot of fun! Today Jay and Mom came in and right now I'm waiting for them to come pick me up to go to dinner! :-P SO happy! I can't wait to see them and we have some fun things planned! I'll take lots of pictures. Unfortunately, I have a lot of work due while they are here but there isn't anything I can't handle! It just means I won't get as much sleep as I'd like but I'm still young so my body can handle it! I miss you all and exactly 6 weeks left until I return home to MA! I'll be home for a few days before I go to work in New Jersey all summer at the NOAA James J. Howard Marine Lab! I'll be working on a fish ecology project and in the fall I'll be giving a presentation at a research symposium! Where I'll be living is in the middle of nowhere- so I'll have a lot of time on my hands during the work week. I have vowed to myself that I'll go running every day during the week and get back into shape....not to say that I'm totally out of it, but it would be nice to tone up a bit, especially if I'll be dancing in the fall. I'll also probably read a lot of personal reading books, since I never do during the school year because I get so busy with classes. I'm also going to be studying Spanish in the summer too, so I can get better at conversations! I'm going to be ambitious this summer. I also have planned my 21st birthday party in NYC, for those that can make it out. Date is TBA. I'll probably take a trip down to Philadelphia too since I'm close and have never been there- or at least don't remember it. I'll come home a few times on the weekends but it's 4.5 hours away so I can't come home much. Kind of a bummer since I've been away for so long and would love to spend time with my friends...unfortunately school/ career at this point come first so I can graduate on time! Feel free to visit me if you want! In other news- I have my classes for Fall next semester. I will be living in my same apartment with Whitney as well! I will be taking Genetics, Physics, and Physiology for my serious classes and I'll be taking two dance classes, one Jazz and one Modern, as well as a studio art class. I'll probably be working too- modeling and maybe another job if time allows. Graduation in a year!!!!!! Time flies, man. Anyways- I'll write and post some pictures to update everyone on my stories!
Meanwhile, at the airport... I used to put pictures of my travels up on the blog.  Now, they end up on Facebook instead.  Instead of a handful, there are hundreds, and it's where I go to look first for my holiday pics.  This past weekend, I headed to Canberra for a couple of days.  When I first asked people for recommendations of things to do there, I was told to 1) watch the traffic lights change 2) check out Costco and 3) see if the Rex Hotel is still around and whether they do break in those little flower pots still (Bill Bryson reference and on a sidenote, if you haven't read his book about Oz and live here, it's a must read). I'm glad I've paid attention over the years to the one or two people I know who went to Canberra and loved it.  It's definitely a museum nerd and wino's paradise.  There's even some spectacular food and beer, so I'm not sure what there is not to like.  Anyway, this is how we felt about Canberra.
Prom Night  So last Friday night, I had my Prom. It was honestly a fantastic night and I would love so much to do it all over again! It was sad realizing that this would be the last time everybody from my school would all find ourselves together seeing as we are starting different colleges this September. But all the same, we had to leave at some point, and this was a great way of saying goodbye to our Secondary School years! I thought I would show you guys a few pictures from the night, hope you enjoy!  After about four months of frantically going up and down the country looking for that perfect dress (literally, i went to Manchester, Bolton, Bournemouth, Portsmouth, Oxford, London...) i decided to look online. My friend told me about a website called Dresses Ok and i automatically found the dress of my dreams! I have to say that i had been trying to avoid buying offline as there's always the risk someone may have ordered your dress and you have no way of knowing or that it may not come in time! However i'm so glad i did, it needed a few readjustments but after that it fitted amazingly! (make sure you fill in the order forms super carefullly!) As for nails, hair and makeup.... My makeup was done by my beautiful and talented best friend Shannon, to see her blog click here. You can also watch a video of my makeup being done by shannon along with a few of our other friends here on her vlog channel. I bought some fake acrylic nails from Boots for around £5. All you had to do was glue them on and i loved having long nails for once! Me and my mumma did my hair. Its very simply straightened and pulled back into a bun and held in place by hair grips. Then a few side bits were pulled down and curled for a messier effect. hope everyone had a magical Prom night too! Love H
Kick the Sugar Habit! You know sugar is bad for you; consumption can be linked to every single illness you've ever (and never) had.  You also know it is the number one cause of weight gain.   If you`re going to eat sugar, you are going to get sick and you are going to get fat and you don`t want that!  But you can't stop yourself from eating it....  Why?  You're addicted. You'd probably be surprised to hear that sugar addiction is the most common addiction in our society today.  You might also be surprised to hear that is as addictive as nicotine, cocaine, heroin...  So if you thought that smoking and drugs were bad, you know now that your sugar habit is a serious thing too.   Sugar is highly addictive, highly damaging to your health and highly hard on your waistline.   Look how much sugar is in these ``healthy`` raisins: Anyone who's ever quit an addiction before knows the commitment it takes to 'get clean', and just like other addictions, giving up sugar is tough.  Lets face it - an addiction makes you feel good and who doesn't want that?!?  The thing is, that there are so many healthier ways to feel good.  Like for one, exercise.  And another, losing weight!  So lets get you off the sugar and onto the really good stuff in life, feeling great and exercise that gets you results!    Step 1: Quit eating sugar.  First, you need a goal and a plan and then you need strict commitment to your goal to stick to the plan.  We've already identified the goal...  It is to stop eating sugar.    The only way to go is cold turkey.  Because like other addictive drugs, just one 'hit' can cause a relapse.  You might think you need one bite of a chocolate bar to get you through the day, but who are you kidding, are you really going to stop after one bite???   Cold turkey!!!  Not a drop or a lick or a bite for one week.  Through this first week I strongly recommend avoiding all sugars, including fruit sugars.  Date sugar, maple sugar, raw sugar, high fructose corn syrup, fructose, dextrose, maltose and lactose, as well as molasses and honey are all out. Healthier sweeteners like agave nectar, maple syrup, brown rice syrup, barley malt and fruit juice sweetened items need to be significantly reduced. Organic sugar, organic cane syrup and organic cane juice should go as well as they are not really much healthier and for the sugar addict - sugar is sugar.  If you really need a little sweetness, have an apple, have an orange, have a cup of berries or a cup of grapes.   Read your labels during this time!  You'd be surprised to find that sugar is in almost all commercial foods.  Unless you are living a health conscious life-style and picking your food wisely already, sugar is in your catsup, morning cereal, spaghetti sauce, soup, salad dressing, peanut butter, pancake syrup, bread, yogurt, you name it and it probably has sugar in it.  There is probably even sugar in your salt.   Check out this website to actually SEE for yourself -  http://www.sugarstacks.com/  You have to learn to read labels very carefully and make different choices when shopping to eliminate sugar from your diet. Once sugar has been eliminated from your diet, be prepared for what might happen while your body eliminates it.  Also known as detox.  When removed from your diet you can expect to experience actual withrawal symptoms; tremors, flu like symptoms, headaches, and mood swings and cravings so intense you would damn near kill for a chocolate bar.  This is your body ridding itself of the 'junk' it's accumulated, don't fight it, don't give in, don`t give up.  Trust the proccess and go with it.  While these symptoms may be un-comfortable at the time, know that when it's over, you are going to feel way better, have more energy and that you are setting yourself up for awesome fat loss.   After you`ve been 100% sugar free for at least a week you can start re-introducing small servings of fruit and the healthy sugars back into your diet.  A guideline when reading labels: remember this one number - 9 grams.  Your body can deal with 8-9 grams at one time so you do not want to exceed 9 grams in one serving (once you go up over that you are spiking your blood sugar levels, so putting yourself at risk for a host of health problems and beyond that, you will be storing fat). It's not easy, and beyond my telling you to quit cold turkey, I cannot offer much more advice beyond this on how to quit other than just do it.   I can tell you that it will likely be the most positive thing that you will ever do for your health.    A few things to keep in mind: You do not need sugar to have energy.  You do not need sugar to function.  You do not need sugar to feel good.  You do not need sugar period!!!  You will function better, you will have more energy, you will feel great and you will be able to burn fat like crazy without it!  How many of my clients have lost 5, 6, 7 and 10 pounds in one week by cutting out sugar you might ask...  Lots.   And this weight loss is not 'water weight', like when one cuts out salt - this fat loss is your body thanking you for the sugar-free love.     You know what you`ve got to do - so go for it - cold turkey - give your body that sugar-free love!!! PS- If there is anything that I can do to help you get off the white stuff, let me know, I`m always here and I am committed to your success!!!
Review: A Torch Against the Night by Sabaa Tahir Summary: A Torch Against the Night takes readers into the heart of the Empire as Laia and Elias fight their way north to liberate Laia’s brother from the horrors of Kauf Prison. Hunted by Empire soldiers, manipulated by the Commandant, and haunted by their pasts, Laia and Elias must outfox their enemies and confront the treacherousness of their own hearts. In the city of Serra, Helene Aquilla finds herself bound to the will of the Empire’s twisted new leader, Marcus. When her loyalty is questioned, Helene finds herself taking on a mission to prove herself—a mission that might destroy her, instead. - Add to GoodReads Publication date: 08/09/16 (UK) An Ember in the Ashes was one of my favourite books of 2015 - it absolutely blew me away with its complex characters, sizzling romance, and world building. I have been eagerly anticipating the sequel ever since, so I was beyond excited when I was kindly sent a copy for review from the publisher. Having read it I can say without a doubt that it is a brilliant follow up that does not suffer from middle book syndrome! I have to admit that I wasn't the biggest fan of Helene in An Ember in the Ashes. She did, however, win me over in A Touch Against the Night. I think that getting her POV helped a lot. It made me understand and sympathise with her more. Being Emperor Marcus's Blood Shrike meant she had to make some tough decisions and I really felt for her. A new character, Harper, a member of the Black Guard, was introduced and man was I intrigued by him. We learn little titbits about him, but not much so he's still a bit of a mystery. I especially enjoyed his interactions with Helene, and I'm not going to lie, I was shipping them. Elias and Laia are also tested in A Torch Against the Night. Their journey to Kauf is not an easy one, and they go through a lot physically and emotionally. The character development is really well done; I like them both even more than I did in the first book if that's possible. Although Laia is not able to fight in the same way as Helene, she still manages to hold her own. She has a quiet strength and determination which I find really admirable. Elias is faced with dark times in ATaTN, but his strength and unwillingness to give up never wavers. Elias and Laia made quite the duo; I appreciated the fact that they told each other the whole truth, and didn't keep anything back. It can be annoying when two characters, who are in a sticky situation, could have avoided the whole thing had they communicated better. I was majorly shipping Elias and Laia in An Ember in the Ashes, but I did have one problem with the romance in the first book: the love triangles. I really dislike them, so the Helene/Elias/Laia and Elias/Laia Keenan triangle frustrated me to no end. I felt like with Helene and Elias there was a missed opportunity to create this amazing platonic relationship between a female and male character. As for Laia, her feelings for Keenan seemed to come out of nowhere; it just didn't make any sense to me. Suffice to say that the love triangle had me worried what direction the romance would take in the sequel. Having read A Torch Against the Night I am *highlight to read spoiler* happy that the Keenan/Elias/Laia triangle was resolved, and only hope now that the Elias/Laia/Helene triangle won't appear in the third book, because it wasn't really present in this one. There were a few swoony Elias/Laia moments in ATaTN that I absolutely loved. The tension and chemistry between the two was just perfect. A Torch Against the Night offers more everything: violence, action, plot twists, and deaths. Oh my gosh, the deaths! *cries* The ending left me feeling ALL THE FEELS and begging for book three. The wait is definitely going to be excruciating! Rating:
Running Without a Purpose Running without a purpose is what I'm pretty much doing right now. I find it odd that I feel that way, but I've been training for a race since December of last year (until the half a few weeks ago), so it feels like my running has no purpose. When I sit and think about that, it almost sounds depressing, but I actually look at it as a challenge. I've used races and schedules to keep me focused on my workouts for well over a year now. It's time to use myself to stay focused. I think it's going to be an interesting journey...  I was on business travel for the past week in Denver and I managed to get in a few workouts. The first day, I did 20 minutes on the elliptical and I could definitely feel the difference in oxygen level. I did 20-30 minutes of strength as well with the resistance band I brought with me. On Wednesday, I jogged for 25 minutes on the treadmill and I was pretty impressed with how easy it felt. Either I was used to the elevation already or it just didn't affect me too much. I finished out the week with more strength training. Workouts on the road are tough because there isn't much time. I managed to get in cardio twice and a full body of strength throughout the week though.  Today was a run around town, which felt great! I did 4 or so miles. It's a beautiful fall day in New England so it was quite nice. Will most likely run some more tomorrow and get in some yoga... it's time to get back to what I thought was going to turn into a weekly yoga habit. Must do it for real this time!!!  Hope everyone is having a wonderfully healthy weekend!
19TH BIRTHDAY HAIR AND MAKEUP Now you may or may not know but last Thursday (23rd October) was my 19th birthday and therefore I thought I would post what I did with my hair and makeup! Considering my birthday celebrations went from day to night I decided to do something that would fit for both times of day. My makeup was just all neutral, incorporating pink and gold . Unfortunately the pictures are not showing the warmth and deep rose gold or the crazy, fantastic glitter from my MAC pressed pigment but it is showing the general look! I decided to curl my hair with GHD straighteners as I know, for me, this is as quick as straightening. I went for beachy waves, however at the moment I am using a Primark mini jaw clip to clip up the front sections of my hair. This is just due to the fact that whilst my ear piercings are still healing I'm desperately trying to not get my hair caught! (Showering is difficult I tell you!) Products used: (From left to right) MAC: Expensive Pink Eyeshadow (Bottom Left of Palette) - Used on lid MAC: Embark Eyeshadow (Bottom Right of Palette) - Used in crease MAC: Blonde Streak Pressed Pigment Used on lid - This is so incredibly glittery! MAC: Hue Lipstick MAC: This and That Eyeshadow - Cream colour - Used as inner corner highlight Rimmel: Wassup Eyeshadow - Used in crease Urban Decay: Half Baked Eyeshadow - Used on lid Grimas: 892 Lipliner Above with flash. Above without flash. Taken on phone to try and show warmth.  Pin on Pinterest Hope you enjoyed this look!  I'm a bit gutted that you can't see the full amazing impact the eye makeup look made! Love El xxx
Post holiday weigh in.... Not as bad as expected. I ended up working late and almost missed my meeting but my leader is lovely and she allowed me to get weighed afterwards. I said to her 'Don't tell me out loud just write it down' as I hopped on the scales. I think I get kudos for turning up at all after the day I've had.   Turns out it was only 2.5 pound gain. I WILL TAKE THAT. I was expecting at least 6 or 7 pounds. Shrink Shrink Shrink.
Why am I not losing weight? The title of this post is not about me.  I lost 3kg this week.  And when I don't lose weight I usually know exactly why!  The amount of work I put in is eerily parallel with how the scale reacts...funny that. But what if, you're like me in my 'good' times, and you're working your butt off, and the scales just aren't shifting? This week I've had a couple of people message me with the same question...and by  glancing at some social media posts, I've seen other people struggling with the same topic.   WHY AM I NOT LOSING WEIGHT? I'm not talking about people who aren't following Basic Weight Loss 101.  Energy in vs energy out.  If you're not sure what that means then this post isn't for you.  Instead I'm talking about the people who are genuinely following the 'right' weight loss rules, but week in, week out, aren't seeing changes.  These people who messaged me and who I read about are struggling, and as far as I can tell, are genuinely putting the effort in.  In fact they're going above and beyond basic effort!  They're working so damn hard for this, and I know how heart wrenching it can be, to not see your efforts reflect on the scales. I replied to one of the messages and I asked the person I sent it to if they would mind if I used my response for this post - I thought it was something worth blogging about, in case this can help anyone else, as there seems to be a few people out there.  I have permission to use what I said and have taken out all identifying references! :)  My answer would be similar for anyone - so here it is for other people, edited and fleshed out a little for my blog.  I've split it up into sections too, for easier reading. Before you read it though, please know that the only expertise I have, is in being myself.  I am not a doctor, dietician, nutritionist, medical or health professional in any way, shape or form.  My name is Kate, and I used to be Morbidly Obese and now I'm not.  That's it.  All of the stuff I say below should not be taken as gospel - my ideas may be wrong!  Also, this is not advice, these are just my thoughts and suggestions of what to perhaps look for.  If you want professional advice, please see a professional.  I'm not an expert, but these people asked my opinion.  And the only basis my opinion has is from my own experiences and from what I've seen in other people and read about.  Disclaimer-ed enough??  Well then, here we go. :) ____________ Hey :) With the weight thing, this is NORMAL.  Please relax, it could be one of many things:  How much you weigh:   You said you're not losing as much as you used to.  What you lose when you start losing weight won’t be the same all along.  As you get lighter, more work needs to be done to hit the same losses.  Eg. generally speaking most people who start out at 140kg+ can easily drop 20-30kg in the first 3 months.  Easy.  People who start out at 100-140kg can probably lose more like 10-20kg in that time frame, people 80-100kg maybe 10kg, and it goes down - down - down.  So someone 65kg would be lucky to lose 5kg in their three months.  I’m making these numbers up from the top of my head so they’re not exact, but it’s around about from what I’ve heard and seen and experienced.  As you get lighter, the weight loss slows down.  I saw someone ask yesterday how much weight people dropped when they first started losing weight.  It totally depends on their start weight (and a million other factors).  Someone who starts at 160kg, who’s never moved before could easily be 130kg down by the end of their first three months.  However imagine a 70kg person, there’s no (safe) way that they’d be 40kg in the same amount of time.  So try to relax…this is normal.  You’re heaps lighter than when you started so it’s literally physically inevitable that you’ll drop weight at a lower rate now.  Body stress: Also your body could be stressed to the max with all the exercise you’re doing.  This happens to me all the time.  Sometimes less exercise (less stress on the body) makes me drop more rather than when I’m going nuts and climbing a mountain or two a day.   Your body's used to it:  Also the fact you’ve been doing this for so long, your body is probably plateauing and used to what you’re doing.   It could believe that what you do now is the norm, so it will stop dropping, as it takes everything as normal.  It might be time to spice things up a bit?  Maybe change your diet around…start trying foods you don’t usually eat.  Stay within your calories, but just eat differently.  Eg. I did a big cook-up late last year and I made a lot of food that I hadn’t tried before.  Turns out I wasn’t fussed on it lol – it was a good lesson learnt – don’t make 30 batches of something you haven’t tried before – you may not love it, then you have 29 more batches in your freezer to get through! Anyway, I didn’t eat it all and after a couple of months I wanted to clear some space and felt like I should eat what I’d made.  So as much as I was not a fan of the stuff I'd pushed to the back corner of the freezer, I made myself eat everything.  I reckon that kicked my weight loss up a notch, coz I was eating stuff I don’t usually eat.  It was the same cals I usually eat, but it was just different types of food.  My body was like whoah – what is this different food?  I dropped more weight around then than I believe I would have if I'd stayed eating my usual favourites that my body had grown accustomed to.  I think because it had to start learning how to process this new food - it was different and it mixed things up for my body. Also maybe look at changing the exercise you’re doing around.  As long as you’re moving that’s all that matters really, but if you want to start losing more, it may be worth changing things.  Just to shock your body and to make it think again.  What do you do for exercise?  If you do boot camp, try running.  If you’re walking, try dancing.  If you’re hiking, try cycling.  LOL.  Change things around… Regular eating: Some people might disagree but I find it really important to eat every 2-3 hours.  I eat 5-6 meals a day.  I think I have a shot metabolism after years of eating disorders, so this is my little way of trying to get it working as best as it can.  And I know you know this, but of course never skip breaky.  Eating loses weight - starving yourself doesn't.  Eat up!  Also a little side note, I tend to lose more when I up the protein in my snacks. The unknown: There's so much going on with our bodies, we can never really tell what's going on inside.  Mine surprises me all the time.  When I was leading up to Operation Birthday, there was one week where I was absolutely perfect with my eating.  I did not have one bite of anything that wasn't strictly planned and within my cals.  I was really focused this whole time, but this particular week, I was vigilant to the absolute letter!  I also worked out like a nutter. The next Wednesday I jumped on the scales, expecting to be digitally rewarded, and I can't remember exactly, but I either stayed the same or put on weight.  WHAT?  I was shocked.  (And very disappointed!)  But I did the best thing I could have done, and I kept going the next week.  And that following week when I was slightly less than perfect, I lost something like 4kg.  I have no idea why those 2 weeks worked out that way, but it happens.  TTOTM, DOMS, fluid retention, injuries, illnesses, weird ass body stuff that we will never understand...it could be anything.  We can plan all we like and work as hard as we can, but internal rules all and will dictate the scales every single time.  There's only so much we can do.  Just keep going and don't give up, and it will all work out in the end.  Medical stuff: Remember that there actually could be medical stuff going on.  My friend has a thyroid issue and this physically affects her ability to lose weight.  I'm sure you're fine but just keep it in mind, that if you are doing all of the 'right' things and nothing happens for so long, it might be worth going in for a check-up. On a similar note, check your calories.  Calories in (food) and calories out (exercise).  They may need adjusting.  It's possible you're eating too little for the amount of exercise you're doing.  If you're smashing out 3 hours of intense exercise a day and trying to cope with limited calories, your body may not lose anything as it's holding on for dear life, the small amount of cals that it's getting.  Consult professionals and test out what is best for you. Keep going: More than anything, just keep going and relax because it’s normal.  I’ve seen people be excited when they hit their goal of losing 2kg in 3 months.  Starting at over 140kg myself, I get so amazed by this, I think 2kg??  But they started at 58kg, so 2kg is a lot to them, just like 20kg is a lot to us.  It’s all relative.  Also, the smaller you get not only the less weight you drop, but the harder it is to do so.  So I've been told anyway - I've never gotten to that point yet!  I'm sure there’s a reason Mish has a book dedicated to “Losing the last 5kg”.  So many of us struggle with this, it's so disheartening when you know you're working so damn hard and the scales aren't reflecting the effort you're putting in.  This does a lot of people’s heads in and it’s no wonder why xx  The stuff above are just a few of the things you might want to consider - I'm sure there's more that it could be.  But more than anything you can't give up.  It will happen eventually.  Also, that’s all just physical stuff.  Mentally and emotionally is a whole other kettle of fish.  This journey is so LONG!  Especially for us who have a lot of weight to lose.  Take heart sweetheart and keep going, mix things up if you can and sit back and know that it’s 100% normal, and that you will get there. Lots of love, hope this helps xoxoo
Boy Drama! heartUhg, boy drama can be suckish! Every girl knows that its never fun to fight with a boyfriend or a boy you really like. I know from past experience that I would get so upset, and pissed off when I fought with a boyfriend or someone I liked. But with me I got over it really fast. You just have to talk about it and work it out. That’s just the best way to handle the situation. But it could be more than just fighting. He could be really rude, and mean to you, and you just let it slide, which is never the best thing to do. You should never be in a relationship with someone who is mean to you or you can’t trust. I have a friend who has been in a relationship with someone for three years and she says she can’t trust him because he cheated on her in the first six months they dated. I would never date someone who cheated on me and I couldn’t trust. No one should be with someone whose a cheater, because once a cheater, always a cheater. You also need to be comfortable in your relationship, and you need to be happy in it. You can’t be with someone if your not happy being with them. Its not fair to them, or you. If you’ve been with someone for a long time and the romance has just left, and you don’t have the same feelings as you used to have then that might be the sign that tells you the relationship needs to end. Especially if your in high school, those relationships don’t last forever, I know that for a fact. Every time that a boy as broken my heart and hurt me, my mom would tell me I deserved better and that one guy who would make me happy was out there. So I know that if my mom is telling me that there’s someone out there for me. There will be someone out there for the rest of you. (:
comfort food I was feeling a little sorry for myself. The weather was 20 and now it's 12 degrees celsius and my womb was crying out for some love. Oh it's good to wallow in ones own misery sometimes isn't it? Really settle into it. Try and catch a glimpse of your glum face in the mirror and it might just make you laugh again. However, we don't want that just yet, this feels kind of good for one night and it allows for movies like 'Eat Pray Love' and comfort food like mushroom risotto. What I wanted was mushrooms. I had a huge craving for mushrooms. I was planning to have them sauteed with white wine, butter and parsley. In the fridge I had left over white wine and I also had butter, but no blooming mushrooms... Unfortunately my local shop didn't have anything exciting. Just the plain old button kind. My dream was almost shattered, but then I found this! Thank goodness. All I needed to buy was an onion and chicken stock (of which Sainsbury's have the pure liquid kind). It's that easy. The bag includes risotto rice, porcini mushrooms and herbs. The only task in hand was to chop the onion, add the mix, add a large glug of wine, slowly add the stock, stir, add more stock, stir and finish off with a large knob of butter and a big old shaving of parmesan. Bellissima!
Horrid hospitals I had just written a long post about my horrific hospital stay but writing and thinking about the hospital made me angry so I cancelled it. Angry because I don't want to remember or think about the incompetent doctors and nurses. Let's just say that after 17 days in hospital I saw my new born daughter a total of 4 times. In order to see her I had to cry, yell and demand that someone call the maternal nurses and request they bring her down. Their excuse was always the same, they were too busy to bring her down. Too busy to let a person who almost died in a near fatal accident see her own flesh and blood. And they weren't busy since friends and family who were able to view bella bambina through the window reported that countless times they saw nurses sitting down watching tv. When they did bring her down the longest visit was 10 minutes the other visits a whole 2 minutes. I asked if I could feed her, no. I asked if she could stay longer, no. I asked basic information about her such as how much she weighed and they didn't know and never bothered to find out this information for me. I am not saying that the entire public hospital in Cosenza is bad. I had already spent 10 days here when bel bambino was born. It wasn't the best start after they put my on a make shift bed in the gynaecology ward in a room with a pregnant girl who smoked copiously in the bathroom...but after 1 day I was transferred onto the maternity ward which was painted in eye pleasing pastel shades. I was not in the maternity ward this time, I was on the orthopaedic ward which is renowned as the worse ward in the hospital. Sponge baths for bed ridden patients don't exist. If you can't sit up to eat or drink then no one will help cut your food of pass you something. In this hospital (I cannot talk about other Italian hospitals) each patient is meant to have a relative who stays with them 24-7. The relative is meant to clean your body if you have the urge to be clean, the relative has to help you eat, open and close the windows for you, turn on or off your fan (since my room had no air conditioning and bel marito had to bring me a fan from home.) I learnt how to close my drip since no one comes and checks if your drip has finished, no one answers the bell when you call them numerous times. None of the nurses have the ability to clean you properly, none of the doctors answer your questions or can tell you when you are going home. Opps..I'm getting angry again so let's get back to bel bambino. He was in the intensive care ward until Monday morning, a week after the accident. I had seen him 3 times in 4 days as the nurses there were more understanding and knew that I had to see him as much as he had to see me. He was out of danger and on Monday I said good bye to my 2 men. Bel bambino was being transferred to a hospital in Catanzaro. They were said to have excellent doctors who could asses his double fractured jaw. Bel marito told me that the public hospital was like a hotel. Bel marito had a bathroom in their room (my room had no bathroom) he had air conditioning (I had none) he was given a bed to sleep on and I think he was even fed! Bel bambino was constantly being checked, the nurses and doctors all bought him toys and clothes, even packets of nappies. It was very hard for me to be away from bel marito, bel bambino and bella bambina though. I spent the nights alone much to the anger of the nurses. If bel marito could not be with me then I didn't want his mother or someone else to stay. I wanted to be alone even if that annoyed the nurses since I had to call them to assist me. The week passed slowly and on Friday bel marito and bel bambino came back to my hospital to have his leg checked out before going home. By now we had been in hospital for 12 days. The doctor checked his leg and then told us that bel bambino couldn't go home and was to be readmitted into hospital! The same doctor who had told us that after the Catanzaro hospital he could go home...The doctor who changes his mind every day. Thankfully, much to the distress of the nasty nurses on the orthopaedic ward, bel bambino was transferred into my room rather then taken to the paediatric ward. The nurses expressed their anger by offering us no assistance what so ever. Bel bambino was picking at  his scabs so I asked the nurses for a bandage or something to cover his thigh and they told us it was our responsibility as his parents to make him not pick his leg. Each time the nurses came in to give me an injection of a new drip he would cry. Naturally he was scared of strange people doing things to his mummy. When time came to change me they made bel marito leave the room. I asked them if bel marito could stay since bel bambino had become attached to his dad and cried when he was out of his sight but they forced him out of the room. Bel bambino was left crying and screaming on his bed all alone since my husband couldn't see me part naked according to them... (After this episode we argued and got him to stay in the room from then on.) Bel bambino never had his wounds treated, was rarely checked by the doctor, was never given attention or consideration. Nothing. The anger is coming back so let me stop now, I won't pain you with the intimate details of my experience. At least now I am home, bed ridden with nuts and bolts everywhere...oh but that is just going to move me onto the next chapter! Public home help. Stay tuned.
Win tickets to the Brisbane Fitness Show! Attention Brissie babes, Gold Coast guys and gals, super Sunny Coasters and everyone near and in between; Australia's largest fitness and health expo, the Fitness Show, is visiting Brisbane next month! @cocogirlbutter has once again teamed up with the Fitness Show and we have 3 double passes to give away to this years show. To enter, simply follow the instructions on the attached picture. Each double pass is worth $40+ and will give you access to over 150 brands offering show specials, as well as the opportunity to: 🏋🏼Be inspired by watching Powerlifting, CrossFit, Strongman, Bodybuilding and Sports Modelling competitions 🤳Meet fitness celebrities and sports models 🥘Learn how to make nutritious and easy to prepare meals and get healthy living advice at the Healthy Living Stage 📝Attend educational seminars for fitness professionals 🏃🏼Workout with celeb trainers Plus much more. Check out www.fitness-show.com.au for more details and to get information on features, timetables and celebrities. For your chance to win one of 3 double passes to the 2017 Brisbane Fitness Show, simply email your full name to cocogirlbutter@gmail.com by Wednesday 20th September. Each double pass is valid for any one day of the show that the winner chooses. Entries will be drawn at random after Thursday 21st September and shared across all @cocogirlbutter platforms and contacted directly. You've got to be in it to win it! Good luck! Coco Girl xx
Jemma Kidd Dewy Radiance Creme | Review firstly - can i get a boohoo for jemma kidd going into administration? this is the saddest news ever! (in the beauty world, at least) i havent been a JK fan for long but my loyalty to the brand has been built up quickly! i know the light as air foundation is a beauty blogger favourite but as it is notoriously hard to get rid of now, i will be doing a quick review on the dewy glow all over radiance creme! (still available - grab it whilst you can! its amazing!) i have this product in the shade 'iced gold', a golden toned highlight as opposed to its 2nd shade 'rose gold' which is more pink toned. this product is essentially a creme highlighter but can be used all over the face to provide a glow and/or on the body to create highlight and definition. i apply this using a screenface dual fibre brush and just sweep it over my cheeks before i apply my setting powder. it can be used with or without a base underneath but i only tend to use it when i have foundation on, to give an extra glow to the skin. this product retails at around £18 so if you can find it anywhere - stock up before it flies off the shelves! i cannot believe JK has gone into administration - i am a huge fan of their creme products including the highlighter and blush. not to mention the thousands of girls now without a foundation! GOD FORBID! did you guys have any favourite jemma kidd makeup school products? emma xo
Bilingual babies I can't exactly say that bel bambino is bilingual since he doesn't speak yet, but I hope and I think that he will. I read a little into raising bilingual children but basically we are just doing what comes naturally. I speak to bel bambino only in English and bel marito speaks to him only in Italian. When we are together I speak mostly to bel marito in Italian but if I have to address bel bambino it's always in English. If the 3 of us are having dinner then I often speak to both of them in English (since bel marito already spoke English long before he met me) and bel marito speaks to both of us in Italian. Sound confusing? Most people here are very positive about me speaking English to bel bambino. I speak to him in English in front of other people and if I am not directing my comment at them then I don't bother to translate. My in-laws are used to me babbling away in English. Sometimes they will ask me what I am saying but most of the time they don't. They have even picked up a few words of English themselves and like saying "bye bye" and "good night" they understand and sometimes say "milk" and I am sure there are other phrases that I regularly use that they get the gist of. We were out at the park today and bel bambino's little friend who is 2 was waiting for his turn on the slide. "Go go" he called out and I started to laugh since this is what I call out to bel bambino to get him to go down the slide and his little friend, without me knowing, has learnt and now repeats this phrase! It was priceless to hear. Some people are worried about us confusing bel bambino with our dual language system and I've only come across 1 person, a young person mind you who has told me that she thinks it is silly that I am teaching him English and that I should be teaching him the local dialect! I can't even speak dialect! But she's never left the village, never even taken her children to the beach which is only a 25 minute drive away so I don't pay much heed to her comments. I have read that perhaps bel bambino will be a late speaker, only time will tell but we are in no rush. The important thing for us is that we know he understands both of us. When I say "where is your water?" bel bambino goes and gets his water. When bel marito says the same thing in Italian, he goes and gets his water. When we ask him in either language to play some music he goes and presses keys on his keyboard. So as far as we are concerned he is well on his way to becoming bilingual. And he does speak. He says 3 words  (that we understand, the rest is non-stop baby babble which maybe are words that just aren't so clear yet.) Can you guess what they are? Ok, no guesses for the first word which was mamma, or ma ma ma as he calls me, slowly but surely I am often getting 2 syllable now. His second word was papa' which I think is normal since P is a little harder to pronounce then M. And his third word. It's banana! How funny. He actually says anana without the B but we assume this was his first word for 2 reasons. The first being that banana is the only word that we use which is the same in both our languages, and the second being that he is half monkey who eats bananas like you can't imagine. If I try to slip a banana into my bag and he sees it he screams ANANA and won't stop until you give it to him to eat! Now we are waiting for the next word...in which language will it be. Logically I would say it will be milk or water but my money is on either button or shoe. Yes, odd but then again is there another baby out there who said banana as his first non-mamma and non-dadda/papa' word?
Paywalls and Reading   Recently, just about everything I want to read is behind a paywall. The cost of entry is not one I am willing to pay though some of the content is great. I am definitely part of a large consumer trend here in my unwillingness to pay for content that may even be of interest. It seems like a pay per read would be a more palatable option for most people. Forcing a subscription down our throats can only meet with resistance. Consequently, everyone loses out - niche publications that are investing in content creation or curation will lose out because they lack in volume and variety to make  the subscription option attractive.   Mainstream publications that have the volume and variety issue solved do not offer enough in terms of spike in level of interest to trigger the subscription commitment. Add to this the growing use of ad-blockers. All of this makes for a very complex situation to negotiate between producers and consumers of content. In the meanwhile, I just go look for free content on the topic that I am pay-walled from. So far, that has been a positive experience and lead to discovering publications that are absolutely wonderful - but for the maze of paywalls, I would have never discovered them.
Off to Europe This may be a very short and/or incoherent post, considering I am leaving for Hungary tomorrow and could hardly sleep 5 hours last night. Nevertheless I find myself here in good faith to my blog. I am very nervous. Only once was I in a foreign-speaking country, and even then were there many who spoke English to me. Here, I am to understand, very few people speak the language. What's worse is that I will be helping run an English camp. Just me and my partner in front of a class who don't speak a word of English. Literally. Needless to say, I am fairly terrified.  On top of this dilemna, I have not finished packing yet. I have a piano lesson that I did not practice for. And I have foolishly scheduled a day of frivolity with some friends, when I hardly have enough time to sleep. I do not know how I shall get it all done, and if I do, in what condition I shall be. I have already packed the essentials for my journey; Yarn, Jane Austen's "Mansfield Park", and some more yarn. It will be a pleasant trip so long as I hold onto those possessions. Ok it's really funny how my whole style of writing has changed since I listened to "Northanger Abbey" by Jane Austen yesterday. It wasn't until I reread the beginning of this post that I noticed how British and odd my diction became. Very amusing. I have no crafts to display, although I have been crafting fervently. have just finished the items for my swap on craftster and will be shipping tomorrow. Which is also when I will be leaving. I also ordered a set of Denise Knitting Needles. I can't wait.  Oh blog, hopefully I will be able to give you more attention when I return. Much <3,  Rach
Getting Ready for Winter Sat around the table on a Friday at 4:30pm surrounded by my co-workers, my Mom, who is visiting for 3 weeks, was surprised by how many people don't have proper climate control in their homes here.  I've been telling her about it for years, but I think hearing it from the locals, and so many of them, drove it home.  It is that time of year in Australia when, despite it still being 29C out, we turn our thoughts to the cold weather coming.  In addition to the actual weather conditions this year, I'll also be thinking about my health during the long, wet season, and not just my physical health.  Whilst seasonal depression is often thought of as a Northern hemisphere problem, it can just as easily creep up on you in the Antipodean region.  While the months between May and September creep by, the dark comes upon us early, and the rains keep coming, nights at home without heat (either because you don't have it or you can't be arsed to start a fire in your combustion heater) get long and exhausting, even if it is only 14C/60F in your house most evenings.  I generally crawl into my waterbed with my dinner, and watch TV from about 7pm onwards.  That doesn't help keep me motivated and active enough, so this year, I'm making a few changes, particularly as winter will show it's face soon after one of my international visitors leaves.  I plan to use my 3 month old gym membership at least twice a week, and I have a stack of books to read.  I've also joined a few interest groups and am actively trying to meet more people and get out of the house more.  That combined with a few practical heat savings tips around the house, sealing up gaps in the walls and completing a big ensuite reno with a nice new shower...and heat lamp, and this winter should be mint!  I'll let you know how it all goes.  If you see me blogging more, that's a first indication it's all working.
Race Report: Bay Vista 5K & 10K Bay Vista 5k & 10K Location: San Mateo, CA, at Coyote Point Park Date: Late August (Aug. 22, 2010 this year) Price: 5K - $35, or $40 on race day. 10K - $40, or $45 on race day. Deadline: None, as far as I know; you can sign up the morning of the race. Sellout Factor: As people were still registering last year on the morning of the race, this one probably has a ways to go before it's at risk of selling out. Last year was the first year, though, and I have no idea if the organizers have any sort of cap in mind. Logistics Fantastic. Easy parking (it's $5 to enter the park) maybe 100 yards from the start. This, combined with the fact that both courses are loops, made a bag check unnecessary. Since it's such a small race, morning-of packet pickup was super easy. Lots of great sponsors (Sports Basement, Road Runner Sports, Bear Naked, Jamba Juice, Fluid, Clif, Larabars, & more), & tons of free snacks & drinks before & after. Also free sports psychology & chiropractor consultations afterward. I also really appreciated how they worked hard to limit event flyers, use recycled paper for the ones they did make, and didn't give out a big plastic bag full of samples you won't try, coupons you won't use, and flyers for events you won't attend. Instead, you could pickup a reusable bag if you wanted (courtesy of Bear Naked) and grab samples to throw in it as you wanted. Finally, this was the first race I've done where the results were posted at the race site within a few minutes of the event wrapping up. The Course Except for one reasonably sized hill (conveniently located near the end), both courses are basically flat and follow the Bay Trail south past the marina and Coyote Point Yacht Club. Running through the park along the Bay makes for a beautiful course. I ran the 5K as a tune-up for RNR San Jose and it was awesome. It was my first road 5K in years and I hadn't been doing much speed work at all (and certainly nothing you could call focused 5K training), so I was kind of nervous. I was planning to run somewhere in the ~7:15 range since I really didn't know what I was capable of at all at that point & figured that was probably safe. I was only wearing a regular stopwatch, though, & when we hit the first mile marker, I nearly choked when I saw that it read 6:40! "Oh, this is not good," I was immediately thinking, "NOT good AT ALL." It was possible that I was faster than I thought, but not THAT much faster. At that point, my strategy became simply to hold on & run as hard as I could for as long as I could. I passed several struggling women in mile 2 who had clearly gone out too fast in an even more egregious manner than I had & latched on to a middle-aged dude who I thought was going a pace I could match (at least for a while). Glad I did because we were far enough out in front at that point that he was the only person I could see, & I nearly turned the wrong way until he shouted "NO, THIS WAY!" at me. "ACK!" I squealed, nearly running into him. In mile 3, I wanted to die. I hadn't checked my watch at mile 2 so I had no idea how fast I was running, but I knew that letting up with less than a mile left would've been a shameful, shameful thing. There was a small but quite steep hill near the end of the third mile, and it was at that point that I *actually* thought I might die & the middle-aged dude pulled away from me & sprinted to the finish. With probably ~.1 mile left to go, I also sprinted to the finish, by which I mean I hurled my body desperately toward it & hoped that my feet would more or less stay underneath me. I felt worse after that race than I think I have after any other since high school. Even a few minutes after finishing, I was not sure I would live. I was panting for breath & stumbling around like a drunk person, pouring myself cup after cup of water from the orange jug in the finisher area & attempting to get it into my mouth & mostly missing. I think the volunteers there were actually concerned for my safety. I am pleased to say that I came in first in my age group and second overall with a time of 22:00 flat (7:05 / mile pace). I was more sore in the days that followed that race than I've been after any other I can remember, but I still had a great time & was glad I did it. Goodies Bay Vista Tech ShirtOne of the draws of this race is definitely the technical shirt from Greenlight Apparel (made from 100% recycled materials!). It's a lovely shirt & I run in it all the time. Also, instead of a medal, finishers get a stainless steel water bottle (which I find infinitely more useful), & framed certificates were awarded to age group winners three deep by decade. This race was just a ton of low-key fun. I'd totally do it again. :)
Sharing Isn't Caring... when it comes to men 9/27/14  I am one to question people who I consider close to me. When they do things that are immoral, I ponder over who they really are. I draw back a little. Call it judging if you may this one but this one scripture put it's in prospective for me:  "Proverbs 13:20-21 NLT  Walk with the wise and become wise; associate with fools and get in trouble. Trouble chases sinners, while blessings reward the righteous"  so now you get last blog post "You failed at life?", if you have not already.  In today's reading, I have another close friend that I've been questioning lately but let me start it like this,  If anyone recalls my 7 Billion Rule, it goes like this... They are are 7 billion in this world so know there is always someone else out there for you. You do not have to date the potential in others. You do not have to deal with other people's lewdness and fraudulent behavior. You do not have to on the realms of relationships and friendships.  I live by a 7 billion rule most of the time but always in these instances:  If a guy is promiscuous If a guy is deceitful If a person is being fake, living a lie If a person is doing things that may cause harm to my reputation  I often wonder why some women are so keen on sharing men. I let a guy know from the jump that sharing isn't caring when it comes to men. If I'm intimate with you, that's it. I'm not into unhealthy causes. They are too many things that you can contract out here dealing with just one person. The risks grows when more people are added into the mix.  When I find out a guy is with me and another one or more people I dismiss him for those very reasons. I will never understand why a woman will want to carry on with such a man. Is the "D" that good? What you can't find better "D"? Is has to be the "D" right? Or maybe not... It could be a matter of self worth. Some women feel like they cannot do better. They turn it on themselves, like they are the issue and with that it depicts who were brought up or shown to be Queens and who were not so let me say this.  Little Girls. Ladies. Women... We are Queens, We must treat ourselves as thus, and REQUIRE  a man to treat us as such. Stop settling for the sake of "I love you(s)"
Settling in It's taken three long months but I think I am finally settling into London life. A HUGE part of that is finally securing a job - unemployment is an enormous factor in happiness when you're in a foreign country without your network of friends and family.  And job hunting in London is so much tougher than it ever was in Sydney.  For a contract role at a Telco I had 3 rounds of interviews, a psych assessment, a case study and a presentation.  Only to be rejected for an internal candidate.  So it's tough, but I have finally secured a contract with a retail bank in the UK and I start next week so I'm totally stoked.  I can honestly say that since securing a job I finally had my first decent night's sleep since March.  I've been slowly making friends and getting out a bit more.  Reformer Pilates has been my saviour whenever I've been frustrated with the work situation.  I've been pretty diligent with my home life - doing laundry, cooking, dishes, cleaning.  I have to admit I did let the eating habits slide a bit.  I was eating out of boredom which resulted in eating 5 meals a day and eating chocolate, pastries, cookies - foods that I never used to eat back at home.  It all came to a head a few weekends ago when I ate so much lunch I almost felt like throwing up.  I decided immediately that I would get back to 3 reasonably healthy/normal sized meals a day and it was surprisingly easier than I expected.  I'm slowly learning the names of the different tube lines and roughly where the main tube stops are.  I've started getting annoyed if I have to wait more than 5 minutes for a bus.  BUT I haven't started complaining about the weather (give it a few more weeks) and I certainly am not used to queueing for everything.  Brits love to queue.  Everywhere.  For anything.  I don't know whether the queueing culture has created a culture of slow service workers or vice versa but it's bloody frustrating.  I had been keeping a shopping list on my phone and I said to myself I would reward myself when I finally got a job (and also because when you're unemployed for 6 months, how do you justify buying all the fancy things?).  Of course my new job confirmation came at the same time as Black Friday and I may have gone a little crazy.  That's another post....  I have a few things planned for my final week of unemployment and if I stop being lazy I will actually blog about it.
THE PERFECT DUO FROM THE BODY SHOP  For a while I have been lusting over two products from The Body Shop, then when I saw that they sold them together in a little set I was very close to buying it but in the end I didn't get it. Then recently for my birthday, my best friend kindly gave it to me as a present which I was so happy to receive as she knew that I had been wanting it. So after a few weeks away from blogging, now I am back and I am going to be reviewing The Body Shop Flawless Finish Collection.  This duo includes the All In One Instablur primer and the All In One BB Cream. These two products have been on my wish list for such a long time as I'd heard many good reviews about them. If you buy both of them separately it is ׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ²׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ£26, but in the set it is ׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ²׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ£20 which I think is quite a good deal! The packaging of both the products is very easy to use as it is a tube that you simply squeeze.   I'll start with the BB Cream, it reminds me slightly of the L'oreal BB Creams as it squeezes out as a white consistency which contains pigment particles. So once you rub and blend it in the pigment particles burst and release the skin tone colour. It is very easy to blend and feels very lightweight on my skin. The coverage is fairly low which is what I would expect in a BB Cream, but it does give the effect of blurring out my pores and blemishes. It also gives a really lovely dewy effect which is going to be so nice in summer (when the sun eventually comes out - typical English weather!) I will definitely be using this product when I want a really natural, fresh looking skin day! I am very pleased with this product and will definitely be repurchasing it when I run out!  I've heard lots of good things about the Instablur primer, and it's fair to say that I have not been disappointed by it! It is quite a thick primer, so of you're not into that then I wouldn't recommend it. And it is also not very suitable for people with dry skin, as it has a matte finish. This means that it helps to keep my skin matte during the day and not oily, which is just what I have been looking for! The primer also acts like a great base for applying makeup onto as the BB cream blends really well on top of the primer. Both the products work really well together, and I would recommend you buy the set if you like the sound of these two products. I am so happy that I received this for my birthday as it is works so well and I am very impressed with the formula of the products! Thank you for reading!
Like a fish out of water – but like a grizzly bear in it I love swimming. I love the feeling of being light weight, lifted off my feet and floating.  I find the repeated rythms relaxing and drift off in my own mind.  Apart from the fact I can’t put my head under the water and can really only do the breast stroke, there really aren’t any negatives.  I even enjoy it so much that I don’t notice if anyone is staring at my beach whale body. Image credit: http://www.mybigfatblog.co.uk/ But, does swimming have an effect on weightloss? I’ve read so many conflicting opinions online recently – some saying, yes of course, why wouldn’t you lose weight as you burn calories, through to the more ridiculous ‘you’re in cold water and your body holds onto fat to keep you warm.’ What do you all think? Personally I would say, go for it. In addition to strength training and other cardio exercises, swimming can help tone the body and increase lung strength etc. So there’s nothing to lose!
Dear John,  This is meant for when you doubt me the most. At 3am when you're awake with Oreo cookies that you'll regret in an hour. This is meant for that moment when you step aside to make that important phone call. When you are getting into your car, turn on the radio, and realize that you are completely alone. This is for when your head rewinds and nostalgia gently pulls your hands from the steering wheel and presses them into her heart. This is for when you catch yourself accidentally staring at the sky and, instead of seeing the big dipper, seeing flushed cheeks, blonde hair, and blue eyes gazing up, and then back at you, in wonder.  Maybe this is meant for tomorrow. Maybe this is meant for five years from now. Right now, in my world, it is 2am and you are closing your beautiful eyes and thinking of our conversation tonight. You are letting it lull you to sleep and you are dreaming of things that aren't me. Tires, your coworker, marshmallows, and shoelaces.  ("I would like to lie next to him in the dark and watch him breathe and watch him sleep and wonder what he's dreaming about and not get an inferiority complex if the dreams aren't about me.” )  It's funny.. Two years ago, I imagine I'd be beginning a letter something like this, It is morning.   "Dear John, I see it all now, it was wrong…"  But lately you have been writing, like you used to without me. And I wonder if you do this to bring yourself closer to me. Your head lies beside mine.  Tonight you asked me what you should write about. I told you to write about what you know. Or more importantly, what you don't know.  Well I don't know what's going to happen…  We're labeling the utensil drawer in the kitchen: "Girlfriend." "Best Friends." "Lover…"  And all my friends are probably right about you. "He's arrogant." "You'll probably fight every day like you are now." "He's selfish." "He probably won't spend enough time with you."  All the cards are wrong, scrambled like a game of 52 pickup.  You are overly confident. I am shy. You are street smart. I am book smart. You've never taken any shit from anybody. I am a pushover. Your parents would probably hate me. I like to go pumpkin picking. You're well versed in the "lie." I spit out the truth in the form of alphabet soup. You are dangerous. I am safe. You are obsessed with money. I could live happily impoverished. You're controlling. Well, so am I…  There is nothing that deems us perfect for each other. I am sorry..   But..  We're on an unpaved road in the middle of nowhere, Under the gutters of a beautiful house. I hold your calloused hands in mine and kiss the river-valleys on your palm. That scar you don't think I notice on your cheek. That clenched jaw. It's pitch black outside, but I am seeing white flashes of light. I feel your hands melting into my curves. Your breath warm on my neck, like the fire coals on cold Christmas morning. I feel your mouth slide slowly down my chest-- And our scars match. I can find Orion's belt this time of year. I wish you wouldn't leave tonight. And then you pull away, and look at me. A look that you described the other night: "… I can't believe that I was lucky enough to kiss someone like you again, and you're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen…" I ask you "what's wrong" like a skipping record. And like a favorite movie I've seen too many times, you laugh And whisper "nothing." You lean closer, and place that perfect mouth back on mine, As I hold my breath and dive back under.  It's a year and a half ago. I've followed you around this building a million times by now. I'm dirty and I made sure to bring the best clothes Because I knew I'd see you tonight. Nonchalantly, I've changed in the bathroom while you waited outside. Now we are here: Me, laying on the table, you, sitting at a nearby bench. I am looking up at the ceiling and laughing When you jump up in excitement. I rise and go to follow you in the other room When you reappear with a baseball glove and ball. I watch your body ease back, Flowing like a river-body into the ocean, Your strong arms fluidly pulling back into the windup, Concentrated. Then you strike, release, Like a black mamba launching at his pray. I watch the baseball bounce on the large wall with a "crack" And smile: It's my favorite sound. But you are already ahead of me, Scooping the ball with such ease. And I am sure this is what Grace looks like. You glance back at me with the most beautiful expression I have ever seen, A mixture of confidence and excitement. "Did you see that?" And I am sure this is what Love looks like…  It's almost two years ago. We are in a coffee shop, I remember looking for your car, unsure if you'd show. The boy I knew would never entertain a girl for coffee.. It's sunny out, and I like the way the sun warms my face. I see you peek out of the back of a gray car that I don't recognize. Time feels like this, huh? And then I see the clenched jaw, The strong shoulders, The confident walk. I freeze, if only for a second. I forgot. I forgot. I forgot. My heart forgot what it felt like to drop in my stomach. You buy my coffee, and I am surprised. The boy that I knew would never entertain a girl for coffee, And then buy it for her. It's awkward, I'm pulling at my sleeves. I want to leave. Maybe I will make something up, Work. School. Fear. But then your gaze catches mine; "The look." A hundred times before, I have seen it. It stays just for a fleeting moment, a millisecond, Like a shooting star. I stop and stare. But this must mean.. And then I catch myself before any "L" words slip out, I focus. We laugh over our childhood, and then you look over your shoulder. "Well, I have to go return this watch that I bought for my girlfriend." And I am curious. I fight myself from asking questions that immediately come to mind: "Do you love her," and instead opt for comfortable ones, slipping them on like a glove. "What's she like? Do I know her?" We say goodbye. You embrace me. It lingers. God damn, does it linger...   It's four and a half years ago. I am in my bed, buried underneath the covers, I cradle a hot, sweaty phone between my ear and my pillow. This is the holy grail, after all. You have fallen asleep 30 minutes ago. We will wake up in three hours, at the same time, And I will get dressed, and leave to see you. Five minutes in the hallway, and we will crack the jokes that we've rehearsed tonight. Everyone will laugh, But I won't. You will look at me with that gleam in your eye, And my heart will turn over onto itself, I will only smile and stare at the floor, Face flushing red. I am a novice, a rookie. Boys like you do not look at girls like me like that. You told me another story about your family tonight, And I listened, like a good friend should. But little do I know, I am collecting moments. The universe has stopped, but for an hour or two. You and I are an imitation model of the planets, attached in the center by rods, Slowly spinning around each other, Unaware of the others in our orbit. You laughed, and I stifled mine Just to hear the sound of joy rise from your throat. How I wanted to kiss the instruments that create such a song. I am suddenly stirred by a sound at the other end of the phone. Your muffled breathing-- One day there won't be a phone between us. But then… "Mmm. Courtney…" A deep, exhausted breath. I smile, and imagine myself dancing through your dreams. I know you can't hear me, But I hope somehow these words can penetrate the dimensions, Can make you feel safe, wherever you are right now, Can slide through the membrane, Can envelope the heart. "I love you…"  Well, I don't know what's going to happen...  I imagine you driving in your car on the way to her house, Singing that song that's meant for me. I see your mind switch from where you've been to where you're going. I imagine you greeting her with a kiss From that beautiful mouth that was meant for me. I imagine you telling her stifled stories that you've already told me. I imagine you taking her out, Wining and dining her. Holding her hand, And when she's not looking, Shoving your hand down into your pocket, To check if I've been thinking of you. I imagine you trying "the look" at her, But being unable to penetrate. I am the aura curled around the both of you, In small, candle-lit bistros. "…Because I know no other way than this, Where I does not exist, nor you, So close that your hand on my chest is my hand, So close that your eyes close as I fall asleep."  And so how long do we sit here, See-sawing between each others insecurities? How many nights do we fall asleep in different on opposite sides of the universe? How many nights do we look into the eyes of the one we love: "Non è abbastanza." You, hammer in hand, crashed through my walls, Only for me to stand face to face with yours...  How many times do we "move on," Just to stand in wet evening grass hands intertwined? Days later, weeks later, years later. For how long do we wade in between "Lovers" and "Best friends, Not quite feeling comfortable in this water.  I've got one foot in and one foot out. The beautiful voice of another is calling my name. Again… I'm scrutinizing your pleading glare, Warring with yourself between "stay" or "go." If you left now, I don't even know what I would want…  I need you to believe...  But I do know that this is infinite:  In my dreams it is always dark, Your arms envelope me, And I am kissing your scars in the sand. "‘Cause there is nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline no matter how many times it’s sent away."  You are like the sun beams bouncing off of Autumn leaves. Intangible, But your spotlight permeates the forest floor,  Each leaf is defined as it floats downward. And if I stand just right, I can feel your sun beam kisses. You are surrounding me. I can bite the crisp fruit of "Season" that you've warmed for me, Like the "dolcini" of sunshine.  If you reached into the dark, and dusty corners of the Hippocampus-- noun: a curved elongated ridge that extends over the floor of the descending horn of each lateral ventricle of the brain, that consists of gray matter covered on the ventricular surface with white matter, and that is involved in forming, storing, and processing memory.  And swept out every piece of me, Rearranged me on the floor like a puzzle, I bet we could be split into moments. Here's mine:  The moment I heard you cry for the first time. We bloomed out of your moment of weakness, not strength.  Later that night, The moment that you first told me you loved me.  The moment you first wrote my name in a song, Isthiswhatyouthinkofinyour3amveins. How I wish I could live inside that mind. Beautiful disaster.
1. Every Friday post a photo that includes one or more flowers. 2. Please only post photos you have authority to use. 3. Include a link to this blog in your post - http://floralfridayfoto.blogspot.com/ 4. Leave the link to your FloralFridayFoto post below on inlinkz. 5. Visit other blogs listed ... comment & enjoy! When to Post: inlinkz will be available every Thursday and will remain open until the next Wednesday.  Thursday, 29 August 2019 FFF404 - NARCISSUS  Narcissus is a genus of predominantly spring perennial plants in the Amaryllidaceae family. Various common names including daffodil, daffadowndilly, narcissus, and jonquil are used to describe all or some members of the genus. Narcissus has conspicuous flowers with six petal-like tepals surmounted by a cup- or trumpet-shaped corona. The flowers are generally white or yellow (orange or pink in garden varieties), with either uniform or contrasting coloured tepals and corona. Narcissus were well known in ancient civilisation, both medicinally and botanically, but formally described by Linnaeus' in his Species Plantarum (1753). The genus is generally considered to have about ten sections with approximately 50 species. The number of species has varied, depending on how they are classified, due to similarity between species and hybridisation. The genus arose some time in the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene epochs, in the Iberian peninsula and adjacent areas of southwest Europe. The exact origin of the name Narcissus is unknown, but it is often linked to a Greek word for intoxicated (narcotic) and the myth of the youth of that name who fell in love with his own reflection. The English word 'daffodil' appears to be derived from "asphodel", with which it was commonly compared. The species are native to meadows and woods in southwest Europe and North Africa with a centre of diversity in the Western Mediterranean, particularly the Iberian peninsula. Both wild and cultivated plants have naturalised widely, and were introduced into the Far East prior to the tenth century. Narcissi tend to be long-lived bulbs, which propagate by division, but are also insect-pollinated. Known pests, diseases and disorders include viruses, fungi, the larvae of flies, mites and nematodes. Some Narcissus species have become extinct, while others are threatened by increasing urbanisation and tourism. Dafffodil breeding has introduced a wide range of colours, in both the outer perianth tepal segment and the inner corona. In the registry, daffodils are coded by the colours of each of these two parts. Thus in the photo below of Narcissus 'Geranium', Tazetta (Division 8) has a white outer perianth and orange corona and is classified as 8 W-O. Join me for Floral Friday Fotos by linking your flower photos below, and please leave a comment once you have done so! If you link your post here, please show a link back to this site on your blog post... Add your own link to the Linky list below and say hello in a comment. Please visit other participants in the meme. Thank you for your loyalty and perseverance in linking up, it is appreciated!
WILL WOMEN BE EQUAL TO MEN IN 100 YEARS? - THE OPINION OF A TEENAGE GIRL  Yesterday the Guardian published an article entitled 'Will women be equal to men in 100 years? The panel verdict' in honour of the centenary anniversary of the Representation of the People Act which marked the start of female suffrage in the UK. The article collates the opinion of 5 women on the possibility of total gender equality by 2118. It addresses a range of issues including the necessity of free childcare in order to ensure equality and the possibility of a rise in "working class feminism".  The article stood out to me as it considers the possible future of gender equality from the perspective of several women, however, it does not put forward the opinion of a young girl. It is up to my generation to dismantle systematic inequalities and eradicate sexism from daily interactions, I have observed first hand the realities of sexism in my generation and I can see that full gender equality will not be possible in the next 100 years.  Whilst it is undeniable that significant strides in gender equality have been made in the past few years this progress is undercut by the continual presence of the female body as a marketable and controlled product.  Don't get me wrong, I have been delighted to see the emergence of fourth wave feminism and to see the rise of the gender equality movements such as #metoo. However, we cannot become complacent because we have a long way to go.  Any claims that gender equality has been, or is close to being, reached are false and this is evidenced by the rise of Instagram body types, the election of Trump and the appearance of the female body as the main mode of capitalist advertisement.  Young girls are plagued with an unattainable body image from a young age and this is perpetuated through the media and increasingly through social media. It is inescapable and I see it every day. There are countless numbers of girls on Instagram who have thousands of followers simply for having the 'ideal' body type. Whilst I encourage the celebration of the female body the extent of this is beyond unhealthy and becomes a constant template of comparison for young girls.  What makes this so much worse is that these models often advertise ways to get this 'ideal body' which includes products such as 'FitTea' and waist trainers. These products have actually been proven to be bad for your body with FitTea simply acting as a laxative and waist trainers altering the shape of your internal organs. One of the most famous of these Instagram models is Alexis Ren who has almost 12 million followers. Alexis has admitted to having an eating disorder, whilst there is no shame in this, she is hailed as an example of health and beauty and girls compare their bodies to hers in a self-degrading way. This kind of sexism is achieved through the control of women's bodies and it is so embedded in our society that girls self-police. They choose to follow these women and compare themselves, this is something I am guilty of and it is almost inescapable.  The above image was created by the clothing company 'Suistudio' and offers a commentary on how advertising uses women's bodies as selling points by reversing the typical gender roles. The image may seem unnecessarily derogatory to the male model but it is shockingly accurate. Upon searching the term 'perfume ad' into google the two images below were some of the first results that popped up. These images are strikingly similar to the above picture. Women's bodies have become cogs in the capitalist marketing machine and this has embedded sexism so deeply in our society that men and women alike are conditioned to consider female appearance as their most important characteristic above all else.  Until this is tackled true gender equality cannot ever be achieved as women will be unable to move beyond this sexualised image and any gender equality achievements will simply be one step forward and two steps back  Laurie Penny expressed the expected role of women in this society in her fantastic book 'Meat Market' where she writes, "Women are commanded to always look available but never actually be so, where, we are obliged to appear socially and sexually consumable whilst consuming as little as possible".  The election of Trump, an accused sexual abuser who admitted to using women's bodies however he pleased in his famous quote "grab them by the pussy", is perhaps the greatest evidence that gender equality is nowhere near being eradicated. The president of America is often described as being 'the most important person in the world'. When 'the most important person in the world' perpetuates and encourages sexist and abusive behaviour it validates a continuance of gender inequality which will take generations to remedy.  Please don't even present the argument that the UK is closer to gender equality just because we currently have a female prime minister. Firstly Theresa May is a right-wing white woman and, secondly, she is far from being a champion of women's rights. As Home Secretary, she oversaw the running of Yarl's Wood detention centre, a detention centre for immigrants and asylum seekers, where female detainees experienced physical, sexual and verbal abuse of which May did nothing to remedy. She is just another Conservative agent. The Western world is no shining beacon of gender equality.  As Polly Toynbee aptly phrased it, "never underestimate the size of the task to reverse all history since time began." My generation has begun the reversal of gender inequality but we simultaneously encourage it. The task of gender equality is  humungous and will not be complete by 2118.
OK… SOO I BACK Hi liars, Happy new year, Merry Christmas ( it’s never too late to say this). I know i haven’t been consistent but I guess I just post when I want because it’s my little space on the internet. I am sorry, hopefully, you have missed me probably not. Ok so I officially have given up on Tumblr because I made a new account and I can’t get into it which is great so I am really sorry but yeah. I guess I to aesthetic for Tumblr haha. But just because Tumblr gave up on me does not mean I gave up on the internet I found something else to do… Pinterest. I am on a full grind, pinning everywhere and anywhere, slowly tidying up my boards as I go because I have had that Pinterest account for too long before you have sub-boards. OG member right here. Also, my internet has been absolutely rubbish for months now because TalkTalk thinks that making the route break six months before the contract runs out will make us get another contract. No. My internet is so bad that I had to move my laptop downstairs and physically connect to the internet, which means no more late night movie sessions I actually have to go to bed. With my great Wifi, I have had to use more of my data which 3GB so for the past few months I have been running low or running out a week before I get a new set. Anyway on February the 8th we are switching to BT it would have Virgin but virgin doesn’t have lines in my area (yet). Art-wise I feel like I can’t draw anything but I am still drawing because I think its just a phrase. Netflix has been mine new best friends I am currently watching call the midwife, That 70s show, Riverdale, Something in the rain and Oh my venus. I have basically binged watch Call the Midwife I am halfway through season 3. Recently on Netflix, they added my childhood favourite movie About a boy I had the movie on VHS. If you haven’t watched it go get yourself some tea preferably herbal and watch it. Anyway good night my loves xoxo 4teen
Tea So this morning my mum brought me a cup of tea in bed and it was the sweetest, most delicious tea ever and I just marvelled at the fact that mum is the only one who knows instinctively that I like my tea 30% sugar and doesn't judge me for it. I believe tea is a magical thing, definitely on par with rainbows, kittens and books. If tea could be worshipped I would totally worship it. Maybe it's the British in me. But my dad hates tea, so I like to stare at him menacingly as he stirs his coffee. On the bright side (there's always a bright side with tea) I get a cupboard all to myself for my tea collection, which currently contains my own tea pot bought from a charity shop, several mugs with kittens and patterns and phrases like 'keep calm and party hard' on them, 4 boxes of loose leaf tea- peppermint, creme brulee, rose hip and a herbal blend meant for studying. Tea is good. Here are some things I like about tea: - when you know how to make it properly by warming the pot first and it makes the tea 20% more delicious - when you've finally mastered balancing the ratio of milk to tea - reading a good book with a cup of tea - making tea whenever there's a crisis to calm everyone down - everything's classier with tea - tea before bed - tea in the morning - tea in the afternoon - tea and tumblr - tea leaf reading - finding new ingredients to add to tea like cinnamon - chocolate tea - chai tea - having tea with your grandma - having tea with your significant other - when it's raining, curling up on the floor with a blanket, a book and a cup of tea - tea is just made of magic XOX Nay
6 Hot Fall Fashion Trends For Fall 2011 1.   Fur Is Back Making its grand appearance again this fall will be fur. Be grateful that your grandmother has a closet full because vintage is also coming into play here and her stash will make you quite popular. 2.   Bell Bottoms Good thing we still have some of these tucked away as well. Put away your skinny jeans and slip into these beauties with a little more room to move. Bell bottoms and flared pants will be making a come back with a fashion statement that is louder than ever. Be sure to stock up before the craze hits again. 3.   Sheer Maxi Dress The Maxi dress has already made its mark on Summer, and now will make an even bigger appearance in the Fall. Fun and affordable, these dresses will be a staple in your Fall wardrobe. 4.   Choker Necklaces  These little treasures can also be found in your grandmother’s jewelry box. With many sassy options, you will love the look the choker gives you and the many options of events that you can wear it to. Chokers are the sweetest compliment to a delicate neckline. 5.   Pleats Pleats will be making a big appearance in everything from dresses to shirts and pants. This timeless sewing option gives a big look to a simple pattern and gives your ensemble a pump of pizzazz. 6.   Cuffed Bracelets  These chunky treasures can dress you up for the town and make a bold statement in the process. Dig back in your mother’s jewelry box for this one; she may just be able to hook you up. Don’t forget to shop the vintage flea markets and antique jewelry stores for a chance to spot a piece just right for your arm.
Hang ups I have been wondering what to write about lately and I got to thinking about all my pet peeves (hang ups, whatever you want to call them). Now, I don't want to sound like a "you know what" but I do have some things that just simply drive me crazy.....   *There is no "S" in Kroger. It is Kroger! NOT KROGERS!!!!!!!! * I CANNOT stand when people are wearing no shoes and slide their feet across the carpet...it makes my skin crawl! (This, and the fact that I stepped on a thumbtack as a kid, may be the reason why I HATE going barefeet most of the time!) *Talking while your mouth is full or chewing with your mouth open( I have only done it when my nose was stopped up and I had to breathe out of my mouth....it is awkward!) *Talking on the phone (private convo) while in the presence of others. Hold off until you are alone or if it is an important call---in this case, excuse yourself if possible! *To my knowledge(correct me if I am wrong) there is no such word as "winder"--(Window) *Putting dishes in the sink..Who is going to put that dish in the dishwasher?!?!?!? It is not that hard to take the dish, rinse it, and place in dishwasher. There are a few exceptions...if the dishwasher is full and needs to be cleaned or the dishes are clean and need to be put away, or if you are having to let a dish soak.   And there you have them- my pet peeves. There may be a few more, but these are the ones that drive me crazy! If I am ever caught doing ANY of these, please CALL ME OUT ON IT! These annoy the crap out of me and so I never want to be caught doing any of these!!!!!!
RESULTS... Hey everyone, not been on here for a while so thought i'd up date on my recent MRI results. I had an MRI on 10th December 2012 and the results show subtle growth.  I don't know as yet what comes next as i am now awaiting my appointment to see my oncologist.﻿
Reviving this blog and Women of Colour Network Last year following NOWSA 2013, a few women of colour created a new Facebook group to facilitate an ongoing autonomous network of women of colour in Australia for support and discussion.  The group has been very active and now involves more than 200 members, so we thought it was high time to revive this blog, which has been dormant since September 2010.  From the description of the new group: The term ‘Woman of Colour’ isn’t defined consistently, nor coherently across historical and cultural contexts. It is a mode of self identification and it is not ok to police other people’s identities. We'll be posting more in coming weeks, and we welcome those who have been involved in earlier incarnations of the Women of Colour Network to join the conversation too.
L-C-S Workout L-C-S Workout (legs, core, shoulders)  3 - 5 rounds of 5 different exercises done in form of HIIT training.  30 secs max effort and 10 secs rest in between each exercise  Set your timer to : 15x10/30 (for 3 rounds)  Or  25x10/30 (for 5 rounds)  Each round consists of:  1) Raised monkey press ups  2) Long arm crunch with added weight  ( I am using 5 kg plate in this workout. If you are a complete beginner, you can skip the plate and just try to touch your ankles instead) 3) Kick ups 4)Swiss ball knee pikes 5) Bosu mountain climbers  Again , remember that the correct form is more important that speed. Keep your core tights at all times .  Start where you are, believe you can do it and just do what you can.  It's not about perfection ,it's about progression Step by step ...you got this 💪  Disclaimer:  Don't attempt to perform any form of HIIT training if you suffer from heart conditions or any other serious health conditions . Alternatively, consult it with your doctor before hand.  Enjoy your workout and have a woonderful day 😁🌞🌍  Angg Woo Wellness Coach  ( Fitness, Mindset, Nutrition )  Any questions regards coaching ? Get in touch , it's easier to do it together 💪 📧 anggwoo82@gmail.com
wieght-loss tips Hi again, With summer here in full it is a great time to get out and enjoy the outdoors. However, for some it can be a time of embarrassment. Who want to wear shorts or summer tops when you are embarrassed about your size. Well this is a great time to start looking at your diet and get back to eating wholefoods again. With so many fresh fruit and vegetables available at this time of year, why eat ready made or packaged food. I love to bbq my vegetables and a good tip is use melon chunks as well as vegetables on the skewer, as this give a great variation. Do not get bored with eating the same foods experiment and enjoy the different flavours of the food. Use scant amounts of sauces or dips, enjoy the real flavour of whole foods. If you do not bbq then steaming vegetables will bring out their flavours even more. To make lemon-aid or even ice tea start from scratch. Lemon-aid take the lemons and cut in chunks squeeze out the juice but put the lemon skins in a pot with a small amount of water and heat. Heating the water will infuse the flavour more. Then add all this to the rest of the lemon and add water to make the right amount. If you need to sweeten slightly add honey rather than sugar. Ice tea make a strong pot of tea, let cool, pour into jug and add mint, orange slices, strawberries or any other fruit you wish. Top up with water, taste if need more flavouring add some lemon or orange juice to it. Much more refreshing than a soda. I mentioned before that a great program I found www.mnb-weightlossprogram.com helped me to understand the different types of foods and what combinations and portions sizes worked best to combat my weight and I am sure it will help you too. Since getting back to wholefoods I have to say that I feel better and have more energy and I am not having such a hard time controlling my weight. I hope this is encouraging for you. Until next time M
Olympics inspiration Okay, my husband is really into the Olympics - this is fine as I kind of like it too, and I like suddenly becoming an expert on things like diving or gymnastics - I loved sports at primary school and played badminton and netball for the school but my teenage years were a bit marred by teacher strikes and so  there were no opportunities for extra-curricular things like sports fixtures against other schools. What a shame such things were considered as extras that teachers and pupils had to do outside of regular school time!! Anyway, I wish I had kept up sports but I hid behind asthma and I have paid for it ever since!  If only I had been active for longer in my youth then I wouldn't now need to lose so much weight (5 stone by the way).  I was going to a personal trainer until recently when I was made redundant and could no longer afford him, but I am making a commitment today that not having his support doesn't mean I can't work out!  I will blog again tomorrow after my home work out. Oh,and the hygge part?  Well I think for now it's about how I treat myself rather than how many candles I light. Lyttlestar xx
Emotional Eating……….  I am a very emotional person AND an emotional eater. Well that explains the 30 lbs I need to loose!  You know even JUST 25 would also be OK by me…..  This weekend after my race I came home to some really sad news. My brother in law who was treated for stage 1 lung cancer last year had a bad routine follow up scan this week. Apparently there is some stage 4 cancer in one of his ribs. I am beyond sad.  My sister met her husband probably when I was about 10 or 11.  They married a couple years later, so he has been a part of my life for a very long time.  I love him as a brother.  I was mad, sad……just in a funk after I found out as he has been the rock of our family during many hard times over the years.   I had been eating very well last week and though I know better than to get on the scale every day, I knew I was down 3 lbs before Saturday.  NOW I will say, after that race I found the free Cold Stone Ice cream and totally enjoyed it….that emotion was pure joy of finishing the race strong.  The rest of the weekend I didn’t feel like eating so I kind of ate junky…..not a ton, just didn’t juice and ate processed crap….yeah, its crap, my body doesn’t need it. My husband is wonderful, yesterday he saw the funk I was in and said “Let’s go out and use that gift card so you don’t have to cook dinner”. We went to Nava, his favorite place. They put out these blue corn bread rolls which are HEAVEN and yeah, I ate way too many of those.  Felt good going in though – which see that is my problem.  Got on the scale this morning and “only” down 1/2 pound. I will say so far today has been good, but when making our meatloaf tonight, I started shoving in saltines….. I know, could be worse, but again, I don’t want processed white stuff……  SIGH.  I need to pull it together. The GOOD news is despite the saltines otherwise today has been great….. juice for breakfast – Apple, Pear, Strawberry, Blueberry, Kale, Spinach and Coconut Water – I love how I just can use up the fruit I need to like the berries this morning.  Man I love that mix, SO good.  I ate some carrots for snack at preschool and then on the way home I stopped at Dunkin Donuts for Coffee – cream no sugar…I was hungry so I got an egg and cheese wrap for 99c along with an unsweet Iced Coffee…..hey the wrap is better than eating a donut, even though its American “cheese”.  Juiced up later with my favorite veggie drink “Green Lemonade” – Cucumber, Celery, Apple, Spinach, Kale and Lemon.  Talk about fresh – its super good. I am making Meatloaf for dinner with veggies and salad…so for the day I am happy.  Please pray for my brother in law if you are a prayerful person.  He went to the radiologist today for course of action.  Also include my sister and her adult kids.  I really hate they are going through this.  Thanks….and for me any advice on how to get through emotional eating is always welcome!
Ottolenghi - lamb Had surprise guests for dinner last night and just a few hours to get ourselves together. decided to use Ottolenghi's recipe for lamb marinaded in honey and herbs. It was sublime - despite not having the time to marinade it overnight. One kilo of meat was sufficient to fill 4 adults to popping; you know the food is good when even the most cautious eater says they'll share seconds with someone else :) the marinade is surprising in a few respects - firstly that so many ingredients can blitz down to so little; but also that that "little" is plenty to marinade a kilo of lamb in. It is bunches and bunches of mint, coriander, parsley, and then a good few glugs of red wine vinegar and honey. Whew! it was delish and will definitely appear on our menu again.
Dieting and Metabolism Master your Metabolism by Jonny Bowden, MA, CNS (see more from this expert)  Taken from: http://diet.ivillage.com/issues/imetab/0,,3bc5,00.html  Q I've been dieting constantly on and off for years since I was a teenager, and have lost and gained the same 50 pounds more times than I can count. This last time I gained back even more. Have I ruined my metabolism?  A The idea that people can "ruin" their metabolisms is a very disempowering notion. To put it simply, you can't. You may have some metabolic issues due to yo-yo dieting, and understanding how your personal metabolism works can only help you in your weight loss journey. Let me explain.  For the sake of example, let's say you lose 50 pounds just by dieting. Let's further assume that about half of the weight you lost is fat and half of it is muscle. (These percentages aren't exactly right, but they're good for the purpose of illustration.) You've now lost about 25 pounds of muscle and 25 pounds of fat. Now let's say that you go off the diet and regain that 50 pounds. This time, almost all of the regained weight is going to be fat, and virtually none of it is going to be muscle. So at the end of the day, you weigh the same as before, but your body composition is significantly different. You now have a significantly higher percentage of body fat.  Why does this matter? Simple. Most of your calories are "burned" by muscle tissue. Fat is basically metabolic "dead weight." When you lose a lot of muscle, you lose one of your biggest allies in the war against fat. This shift in body composition is one of the things people refer to when they talk about their metabolism being "ruined" by dieting. To bring your metabolic rate up, one of the best things you can do is regain some of that lost muscle by adding weight training to your routine.  The other thing that frequently happens with yo-yo dieting is that you train your fat storage enzymes to be more efficient. When you repeatedly starve yourself, those enzymes simply become better at their job, an evolutionary strategy meant to keep you alive during times of famine. But by exercising consistently, eating fewer calories than you burn, and by eating the right kind of calories, you can re-train the fat-releasing enzymes to come out of hiding.  And speaking of the right kind of calories ...  Most people in your situation have been trying to lose weight using a low-fat diet. Unfortunately, that's probably exactly what you should not be eating. Low-fat diets are typically high-carb diets, and high-carb diets virtually guarantee that your body will constantly produce high levels of insulin, also known as "the storage hormone." The body does not burn fat in the presence of high levels of insulin. The solution? A moderate-calorie diet that is higher in protein and good fats (such as olive oil) and lower in carbohydrates than your average low-fat diet.  The point is that there are specific positive actions you can take right now to work with almost any metabolic issue you may have as a result of your dieting history. Put these strategies into action right now, and maybe the next time you lose that 50 pounds will be the last time you have to do it.
News Just In! Aloha Bloggerinos, I have just come back from the salon with blondey blonde blonde hair! Oh yes! It's my hen night tomorrow night *prays the girls haven't booked a stripper* so I thought I would give myself a bit of hair love. My hair is an absolute beast and is so thick that the hairdresser looked a little like she wanted to stab me with her comb after a couple of hours, mwahahaha. (my arty eye- see below for reason!) Now, I have a few bits of news so I thought I would moosh them all together like a News-Just-In-Hotpot. Firstly, I have recently heard that Cosmopolitan have launched the 'Cosmo Blog Award', sponsored by the ever brilliant Collection 2000. They are calling upon all blog readers to nominate their favourite blog and I am calling upon my lovely Bloggerinos to click HERE and give me a mention. I kid you not, I would piddle my pants with glee if you did that for me, I would be touched (ooerr) and honoured! piddlepiddle.  (Hair fascinator for ETSY shop- reason below) Secondly, I am starting up an ETSY shop! I have set it up but it needs tweaking and product pictures uploading. I wanted really pretty pictures and my chum Rob said he would do them for me. Rob has done weddings, portraits, arty pictures of the sea type things, 'real' shots of people, and now of course, my crafty bits. He will read this and be annoyed that I haven't described him very well at all, so Rob, I'm sorry!! Anyway, I will share a couple of pictures (scattered amongst this post) with you and of course point you to my ETSY shop when it is officially open, but if there is anyone in the Midland/Anglia type region and you would like a fantastic photographer, leave a comment and I will pass on his details. What he enjoys most (aprt from Photography bookings), is when you say his car looks like a panda. It's his fav. (cupcake Earrings for ETSY shop) Thirdly, thank you to everyone for their well wished for Mattmoo, who was in hospital this week. He is on the mend now and a happy chappy being so spoilt. I think that's all for now lovely jubbly Bloggerinos. I'm off to do a few crafty bits for my shop and then get packing for my Hen Night! Woooo!! If any of you are out in Liverpool on Saturday, keep your peepers peeled and say "Aloha" to me! Toodlepip! xx
The “I Don’t Want to Workout” Training Run  It is no secret I have been a total slacker since the Disney Princess 1/2 Marathon the end of February, heck I owe a trip and race report – I will do one I promise AND I have only run like 2 times.  I signed up for the Atlanta Peachtree Road Race 10k Lottery – HUGE race 60, 000 runners July 4th, fun time and to be honest I was hoping to not get in. I mean its hot, has some serious hills, the logistics of dealing with the start and end, blah blah blah. I am toying with doing a 1/2 Marathon in August here in Atlanta – yes that is nuts heat wise, but its flat……SO when I got in the Lottery last week I decided I needed to start my 3 runs a week training again. The Peachtree works in great with that 1/2 marathon as far as preparing distance wise and calendar wise.  This is week 1 of getting back to it -today was run 2 of 3 for the week. We went to Disney on Ice Treasure Trove last night and had a blast, but it was a late night so me and the 5 year old princess slept in – and she skipped preschool.  This means I had to go gym since I just can’t leave her alone while I run.  I put on my Disney Princess tech shirt to try to cheer me up as I was not into doing this today and headed to the gym.  The goal: 30 minutes “speed work”.  I set the treadmill at Random Workout level 3.  I started with a 3 minute walk warmup and then did my 1 minute run/ 1 minute walk intervals. I paced the run started in at 6mph and the walks at 4mph.  With each walk I added 0.1mph goal to get up to 7 and then go down. The idea is with each run interval I get faster.  Here’s the thing, I was NOT into today. Ate crap yesterday, didn’t have enough water so over drank before my workout today “slosh, slosh, slosh”.  I felt my big belly bouncing around – lets face it I have been eating JUNK lately and I was just tired.  YET I PUSHED ON.  I got up to 6.6mph runs and was like PLEASE BE OVER…..so the next run interval one I said to heck with it and went up to 6.8 for 30 seconds then 7.  I was SO tired some of my walk intervals were longer than a minute as my breathing was fast. The last run interval….I heard Bob and Jillian from Biggest Loser saying in my head “Last Chance Workout……” – the nice Bob from previous seasons…..and said to heck with this, the first 30 sec I did 7mph, the last I did 8mph – yowza that was fast.  I think I looked like a spaz those 30 seconds, but got it done!  Felt great to be done as I would rate this workout a total BLAH – I was SO not into it.  While I much prefer to be outside, I do love how I can push myself for short bursts on the treadmill. Now, to work on my diet – I need to start feeding my body some good stuff….oh and get sleep too.  Hey, but I am so happy to be on track with my scheduled workouts this week. One more then I kick it up a notch! The gym has got some awesome looking Core Classes starting soon, def will give them a try.  Happy Running, Walking or Some Combo thereof !
Sunday's 60 second sermon Sunday saw my earliest start so far, as I was at Surrey Sports Park before 7:30am in order to find a quiet spot with good mobile phone reception so that BBC Radio Surrey could ring me. Having been into their studio on Tuesday to record a "60 second sermon", the plan was for them to ring to chat live on air shortly before they broadcast the sermon so that it can be put into context. We had a good conversation, not just about sports chaplaincy but about chaplaincy in general. This added background, not just to the "60 second sermon" but to the interview I'd done in week 1 for their breakfast programme. Must admit though, that I don't often get asked to discuss existentialism before 8am on a Sunday morning!!  (For the inquisitive, this came about because in talking about some of the things sports chaplains get involved in,  I made the comment that we're not just here for the bad things of life like injury or coping with lack of success but also for things like the big questions of life such as "who am I when I'm no longer a famous athlete?" which was a question I'd spent some time discussing with an athlete at one of the previous major sports events I've ministered at.) Being at the venue that bit earlier meant that I saw lots of players as they were on their way to breakfast and/or their morning sessions in the swimming pool, which was good. I then opened up the Oasis of Silence at 8am, but as no-one came to the 8:30am devotional I didn't get to 'preach' the aforementioned 'sermon'. The rest of the morning was divided between the usual 'wandering around' the venue and various practical matters related to tonight's movie night - firstly being given a much more central room than the one we had last night,  which was a matter for thanksgiving; then altering all the publicity we'd produced yesterday; before spending time learning how to connect everything up to, and then operate, the rather splendid audio-visual system they have installed (much more complicated - and impressive - than anything I've personally used before). I managed to take a couple of hours off in the afternoon, and returned to find that it was very very quiet - even quieter than previous post-match days. A number of squads had gone out for all or part of the day, and I think others must have been sheltering from the torrential rain that descended mid-afternoon. Some more visiting and admin was undertaken before setting up for the movie night. It was good that a good group of players came, from 3 different squads, all of whom thanked us for putting this on even before they'd seen the movie. It was a very good humoured and relaxed evening, with the added bonus for me that I really enjoyed the movie too, which made a day with my earliest start and latest finish not seem as long as it actually was.
The accident My memories from the accident are scattered. I remember strange things that maybe didn't happen. I can't remember who went to hospital first but I know what happened after being told. Bel marito, upon seeing our son still and motionless called out to a friend and the tractor driver to rush him to the nearest hospital. There was no time to wait. He wasn't breathing. These two men are our heroes. They literally saved bel bambino's life. While driving to the hospital which was about 15 minutes away blood started to form in bel bambino's little mouth. The tractor driver who normally faints at the sight of blood pulled out a hanky from his pocket and with care pulled globs of blood from his mouth, allowing him to breathe again. They arrived at the hospital and jumped out of the car to be told that the emergency department was no longer operating and that they could do nothing to help the bel bambino. The tractor driver started yelling, telling them that he was going to die and they had to do something. They wouldn't. He called the emergency services who told him that they had sent a helicopter to Malito which had just landed and they would send it immediately to the hospital to collect bel bambino. While this was happening I was lying on the road waiting for the ambulance to come. I didn't know bel bambino had been taken away. I remember, above all, the pain from my ribs. I was crying or screaming  and recall a man with glasses standing by me telling people not to touch me. This may be all in my imagination as I am sure this man was a doctor...but he wasn't from the village so perhaps he was just a passing driver trying to help or maybe he was never there and I imagined this doctor standing by me. I don't remember where bel marito was either although he was close by. The ambulance came and I went to the hospital all alone since here bel marito was not allowed into the ambulance. I learnt many days later that bel bambino had gone in the helicopter alone too since again no one is allowed to accompany the patient. The ambulance was a rather quick, bumpy and painful journey. I remember they were trying to cut my bra and I got angry telling them just to take it off without cutting it which they easily did. The cut my dress but I didn't care. Bel marito was behind the ambulance with a friend and upon arriving learnt that the helicopter hadn't yet landed. Thankfully a good friend of mine had already made it to the hospital and she held my hand and came with me as I was raced up to the maternity emergency room. She knew the gynaecologist on duty so was granted permission to enter into the room with me. Thank god! The gynaecologist even spoke English and was asking me all sorts of questions but I couldn't answer. All I kept saying was that I felt an incredible pain in my ribs and side and all I wanted to do was sleep. Thankfully my friend knew everything about my current and previous pregnancy so she was able to promptly answer all the questions, while holding my hand and telling me not to fall asleep. I was terribly confused when the doctor asked me to sign the paper work for an immediate C-section. I don't want to give birth now, I told him. I have a C-section booked for the 14th of September, I said. It had never occurred to me that I would give birth at that moment. I want to wait for the baby, I said. I want my husband, I cried. Bel marito shortly arrived since by this stage bel bambino had arrived and had been rushed into the intensive care unit. He kissed me, reassured me and told me that I had to have the C-section, that it would be ok. I signed the paperwork and the last memory I have is being alone with the doctors and nursing staff in the operating theatre and me asking for the doctor to please check my ribs and side which were painful. He was smiling kindly at me saying just to breathe and that soon I would be asleep.
Multi-functionality Benefits of Restaurant POS Terminals to Escalate their Adoption Globally, point of sale (POS) terminals are being recognized as a highly efficient substitute to traditional cash registers and manual systems in restaurants. Their demand is estimated to witness a sharp rise in the coming years owing to their multifunctionality benefits. Restaurant POS terminals improve efficiency of business operations by cutting down order generation time and errors during peak hours. They also help in tax reporting, payroll, gathering sales figures, and inventory control. Features of Restaurant POS Terminals POS terminals are flexible systems that help users carry out their business operations in a profitable manner. A typical POS terminal at restaurants involves several features such as menu management, billing, customer relationship management, stock and inventory management, and reporting and analysis. Food Delivery Platform Partners with POS Terminal Developers to Provide Better Solutions Increasing partnerships between online food ordering and delivery platforms and POS terminal developers is likely to help restaurants improve their businesses. For instance, recently, online food ordering company Grubhub decided to team up with Oracle Hospitality to be able to give restaurants a more efficient way of managing in-house and delivery orders. The company says that the integration will improve operations, offer more and better business insights, and free up counter space. It also collaborates with the Upserve Breadcrumb point-of-sale (POS) system, while Toast POS is on their radar. Such partnerships are, therefore, likely to make way for advanced restaurant POS terminals. Market Insights Growing inclination toward digital payments, coupled with rising penetration of the Internet, is likely to be one of the primary growth stimulants of the global restaurant point of sale (POS) terminal market. Technological advancements in POS terminal systems such as introduction of real-time analytics can provide a significant push to the market in coming years. However, rising security issues pertaining to customers’ personal data can hamper growth prospects, finds Grand View Research Inc. Nevertheless, rising incorporation of cloud technology into restaurant POS terminals is likely to shape its future. The market is characterized by high competitive rivalry among key players. Partnerships and acquisitions and extensive research and development are some of the go-to growth strategies for majority of players. Some of the key players in the market are Verifone Systems Inc.; Ingenico Group; NCR Corporation; PAX Technology Limited; and Revel Systems.
HOW TO START RUNNING  how to start runningHi guys! I’m Becca and I blog over at Diary of a Slow Runner . My blog is  about my adventures in running. Jennifer asked me to guest post for her and talk a little bit about to get started with running.  beccarunI started running in May 2009 and completed my first 5k the following June. Since then I have done a handful of 5ks, 10ks, 8 half marathons, and my first marathon as part of the Goofy Challenge in Disney. I never would have thought I would be capable of running the way I do now, so I am proof that if you put your mind to it, you CAN do it! Believe me, if I can, anyone can!  If you want to start running here are a few tips.  Have a plan As a beginner runner, I feel like this is so important. You don’t want to start off too quickly with building mileage. This can result in hating running before you even have an opportunity to make it a life-long habit. I highly recommend the Couch to 5k Program. This program will work you up to running 3 miles or 30 minutes in 9 weeks. I believe there is also an app available for most smartphones to help you follow the plan. Once you “graduate” from there, try Gateway to 8k and Bridge to 10k. I did all of these, and still follow plans when training for races.  Take it slow It is easy to get caught up in your pace and feel like you have to beat your previous time. Don’t put this kind of pressure on yourself! For a while just focus on the minutes and seconds that you are on your feet – not the miles.  Shoes, watch, go! You only need a watch or app and a pair of shoes. There are millions of products out there for runners… GPS watches, sweat wicking clothing, Gus, compression gear, etc. It can be easy to get overwhelmed by all of it. When you’re starting out, all you really need is a good pair of running shoes and a way to track your time. Make sure to get your shoes fitted by a professional at your local running store. As for a way to track your time, any cheap stop watch will do. You can use online tools like Map My Run to map out a route ahead of time so that you know how far you are going. There are also bazillions of apps for smartphones now that will track your mileage and time. I personally like the Map My Run app.  Set a goal I don’t know about you, but I am a goal oriented person. Setting goals for myself in running, and more specifically training for races, helps me stay motivated. Set some type of goal for your self – running a race, running a certain distance, for a certain amount of time without walk breaks, up a huge hill, etc. It may seem scary to sign up for your first 5k but I promise it won’t be as bad as you think. And you may end up addicted to the thrill of running races, you never know.  Join a running community (online or in person) When I was first trying to figure out what all of this running business was about I joined the beginner’s forums on Runners World. For a while I just read the posts and once I got more comfortable I started posting. Being able to read about other people who were in the same boat as me and get advice from more seasoned runners was invaluable. The running community is extremely welcoming so I encourage you to join it whether it is through a local running club or an online community.  Don’t be intimidated! Every runner had their first run. Every runner has had their struggles. You are not alone. It’s all about having a good time.  Have fun!  Running is really so much fun. Enjoy yourself. The feeling of satisfaction you can get from running is really fantastic.  I hope that encourages you to take a step into running if you thinking about it! It’s really easy to get started and a really great way to exercise and de-stress!!  Thanks for reading, and thanks again Jennifer for letting me guest post! I hope you’ll stop by my blog, Diary of a Slow Runner and say hi!
Note As I am going on a short holiday, this blog will not be updated on the 21st of November, but instead be updated on Wednesday the 22nd of November, and then again on Monday the 27th of November.
Real Techniques make up brush haul Oooo Boots and their 342 deals. I can never say no and being the make up brush obsessed woman that I am I literally jumped at the chance to add a load of my favourite Real Techniques brushes to my kit! I'm rather excited about the NEW retractable bronzer brush.  What is your favourite Real Techniques brush?  Detailed reviews of all of these brushes will be coming soon. Any particular one you would like an in depth review of first? xxxxxx
Done gardening! All that's left is the weeding and watering and cursing at small rodents.  I planted the rest of the seeds and plants I bought, moved pots, distributed earth, weeded, carried things down to the basement, and carried things up. Now to sit back and relax... except for weeding. And spraying for rabbits and squirrels (the chipmunk does as he pleases). And watering.  We have a mysterious pond (well, more of a Very Wet Spot) that has never completely gone away and gets deeper every time it rains. I kind of like it - looks very natural and there are dragonflies in it! My landlord is not so enthusiastic, but he doesn't have time to deal with it. Anyways, I waded out into it and sprinkled mosquito bits to cut down on the mosquitoes. The mud is about ankle deep and the deepest part is maybe six inches. So it's more of a large puddle maybe.  I added more alyssum to the dahlia pots - they are all growing pretty well. The zinnias and aster seeds are coming up, the tomatoes not so much. I will just have to wait and see on those.  The lilies have a crown of buds! I think they are going to be orange or yellow. The gladiolas are 6-12 inches high and three or four freesia stalks came up.  I'm not sure the flower seeds I planted in my big pots will ever actually grow - I added some cosmos seeds. I also put in a pot of snapdragon plants and pulled a big chunk of what I thought was chives but upon closer inspection was grass.  The callas are definitely slower this year - last year at this time they were a foot or more high! They're just spears and a couple have not even come up yet. I left it too late to buy pansies, so I put in a lot of seeds and a few have sprouted. I put portulaca seeds in the one pot where nothing has come up yet.  I planted three calibrachoa plants in my new pot holders on the trellis, then two pots of peas and a lemon thyme plant. I also added some dying mint from Sara. I planted two fuschias and moved out one extra pot. The anemones are large and fluffy but no blossoms yet.  The Monet garden looks kind of messy. Between all the daffodils sprawling around after finishing flowering and the sprouting birdseed and the ground elder I was never able to fully remove... But I organized my trellises (I'm waiting for two 9 foot ones to go in front of the window which are backordered to mid-June) and I noticed that morning glories are already popping up from last year. I weeded a lot, not that you can tell, and put morning glory seeds in the bird pots on the trellis as well as a little fertilizer, and extra nasturtiums in the bare spot at the front of the garden.  I ran out of dirt! Luckily, Sara was running errands and got me some more. I decided to put the four o'clocks and nasturtiums in pots - I just can't keep up with weeding the ground elder. I bought two nasturtiums, a climber and a peach melba, and put them in big pots at the back. Everything else I just kind of shoved in here and there. I put the nasturtium seedlings in my window box with some fertilizer. The honeysuckle is still alive and there are a few sprouts of four o'clocks here and there but it's hard to tell. The amaryllis mostly seem to be alive, buried in the ground elder. I also put in a window box with bushy morning glories (blue ensign) outside my bedroom window.  Sprayed everything with liquid fence and I am DONE!!
Back on Track So my life took a bit of an unexpected turn recently and I was not sure if or when I would be able to update this blog, but things have now settled down and with things back on track it is time to come back to the blog. I have also been toying with the idea of sharing some of my other interests here, which after careful consideration I think I will. I look forward to some normality.
Norma has lost 20 pounds by juice fasting  Let’s celebrate 20 pounds down since 7/31 with Norma.  She looks amazing.  She says, “I currently lost a total of 20lbs so far, my starting weight was 173 on 7/31 when I started the “FAT SICK AND NEARLY DEAD” juice fast by joe cross and I have 8lbs left to go to get to my goal weight of 145lbs. I walk for an 1 hour a day or more except weekends and I do some exercises at home such as squats, light weights, jumping jacks and push ups. I have been a vegetarian for about 5 years now and by doing this juice fast I will transition myself to a vegan/ raw food lifestyle.” I believe in the power of raw food too, Norma. Congrats! For more great before and after photos, visit www.blackwomenlosingweight.com
Vegan Lasagna I recently watched the documentary (again...) Forks Over Knives, and have been trying out new recipes. Here is one I got from the Engine 2 Diet. I changed it a bit, mostly because I don't eat soy. This recipe is vegan, gluten-free, oil-free, and soy-free. I know that may sound scary, but trust me, it's delicious!  Ingredients: - 1 onion, chopped - 1 clove minced garlic (or more if you want!) - 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced - 1 head broccoli, chopped - 2 carrots, chopped - 2 red bell peppers, seeded and chopped (I just pick out whichever is the least expensive of the bell peppers) - 1 1/2 cups of frozen corn - 2 15 oz. cans cannellini beans, black beans, or any bean of your choice (if using dried, 3 cups cooked) OR one block of firm tofu - 1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper - 1 tsp. oregano - 1 tsp. basil - 1 tsp. rosemary - 3 jars vegan pasta sauce (or look below to make your own) - 16 ounces frozen spinach, thawed and drained - 2 large sweet potatoes, baked and mashed - 6 roma tomatoes, sliced thin - 1 cup raw cashews, ground - 2 packages gluten-free lasagna noodles, uncooked  Preparation:  Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.   Saut׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ³׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ© the onion and garlic on high heat in a pan for about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes, until they give up their liquid. Then empty them into a large bowl, leaving as much liquid as you can in the pan with a slotted spoon if you have one.   Then saut׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ³׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ© the broccoli and carrots for 5 minutes and add to the mushroom bowl. Saut׳³ֲ²ײ²ֲ³׳²ֲ²ײ²ֲ© the peppers and corn until just beginning to soften. Add them to the vegetable bowl.  Drain and rinse the beans in a colander. In a separate bowl, use a potato masher to mash the beans. Add them to the vegetable bowl.  Add spices to the vegetable bowl and combine all ingredients together with a mixing spoon.  To Assemble:  Cover the bottom of a 9-by-13-inch casserole with a layer of sauce. Add a layer of noodles. Cover the noodles with sauce. This way the noodles cook in the oven, saving time and energy. Spread the vegetable mixture over the sauced noodles. Cover with a layer of noodles and another dressing of sauce. Add the spinach to the second layer of sauced noodles. Cover the spinach with the mashed sweet potatoes. Add another layer of sauce, the final layer of noodles, and a last topping of sauce. Cover the lasagna with thinly sliced roma tomatoes.  Cover with foil and bake in the oven for 45 minutes. Remove the foil, sprinkle with the cashews, and return to the oven for 15 minutes. Let sit for 15 minutes before serving.   Enjoy! 
I grew up around Camels. In fact, my mother use to race them. Quite a unique hobby to have, yes. I always felt special, because nobody else's mothers raced Camels. Well not at my school anyway. Our house was full of Camel "things". Ornaments, pictures, rugs, tea towels, table clothes, lamp shades - all sorts of things. It is still a tradition of mine, that every year on my mothers birthday and christmas, I give her a gift something to do with Camels. So I naturally have a soft spot for them. I am very drawn to the desert. I love her harshness and her softness, that she portrays. Much like a woman with great strength, yet has a vulnerable side. I dream of trekking through the desert with these giant beauties. Maybe it's my desire to find my own strength again. To push myself to the limits. To feel again. To appreciate. To feel alive again. Tonight my husband and I went to rent a movie, where I came across the trailer of the new movie called "Tracks" - a true story of Robyn Davidson, a young woman who in 1977 undertook a solo trek across the Australian Outback. My heart sung, as I watched the trailer. Once again thinking this is something I want to achieve in my lifetime. Hence the inspiration behind my blog today.